['New rule: to the woman who got vomit in her hair on a spirit airlines flight and had to wash her hair in an airplane bathroom. What’d you expect? You’re flying spirit from Chicago to Baltimore, you’re lucky you’re alive. I’m just saying, when you book a flight that costs 89 dollars, you’re subconsciously accepting the fact that you may get a little vomit in your hair. You just happened to get a lot.', 'New rule: if Kim Jong-un wants to be taken seriously on the world stage, he’s got to delegate the job of corn inspector to someone else. Here he is, inspecting the corn. Here he is, pleased with the quality. Here he is realizing they keep after year. The same corn year yes, Kim, that’s the bad news. That’s all the corn in North Korea. The good news is: because of all these photo ops with corn, you’ve moved up to third in the Iowa caucus.', 'New rule: dispensaries need to stop acting like the highs from different marijuana are so radically different. This one’s good for the beach. This one’s good for going to space. They don’t do that at the liquor store. “Hi, what sort of drunk are you looking for today? I recommend this one for calling old girl friends and the Chianti is nice for sobbing about your father. Of course, if you’re looking to call your mother-in-law a whore, I’d stick with a brown liquor. Same goes for if you’re looking to let the gay guy in your building blow you. And for anything like falling asleep on the kitchen floor, or putting a pizza in the oven and forgetting about it, you gotta try our malt liquor. Now, if this is a really special night, and you’re thinking of walking up to the taco bell drive-through window, I would recommend a sweet wine. And vodka’s always great for getting a tattoo of a rocket that looks like a dick. Numeral: now that we have Doritos with new flavors, how about ones with a more refined culinary pallets? Doritos light and unprepossessing. Let’s just call it what it is, Doritos Caucasian.', 'New rule: the people who were shocked to see this Australian man jogging a popular trail in a pink thong and work boots, must give theuy cdit. That’s what we call an old school creep. He could easily be at home, on the computer, masturbating on chat-roulette, or sending dick pics, but he chose to put on his boots, go outside, and make people uncomfortable the old-fashioned way.', 'And finally, new rule. It’s time somebody called out Donald Trump for something he’s doing that I don’t think anyone has caught on to yet: he’s a big LIAR! Hear me out! When he announced he was running, he said:', 'Trump: I don’t need anybody’s money. I’m using my own money. I’m not using donors. I don’t care. I’m really rich.', 'Bill: but he’s not really rich, and he’s used plenty of other people’s money – 90% of his 2016 campaign was funded by other people’s money. His whole reason for being there is a lie, this notion of “I can’t be bought, because I have so much money, I don’t care about money anymore!” No – the exact opposite is true: the man is constantly for sale. That wasn’t toilet paper on his shoe, it’s a price tag. He grubs for every penny. He wasn’t above cheating his charity — Trump University was a pyramid scheme. He just put a G7 meeting in one of his golf clubs. There’s not a dollar he’s ever left on the table since he took office. He’s worried about Ukrainian corruption? The only time corruption bothers Donald Trump is when he’s not in on it. If your country pays in cash:', 'Trump: Saudi Arabia pays cash.', 'Bill: you can literally get away with murder.', 'Even I have a little money history with this guy. Remember, Mr. President, 2013, when you sued me? Because I publicly offered you five million dollars if you could prove you weren’t the son of an orangutan. It was a joke, but when you heard five million dollars, like a bum who chases a dollar on the sidewalk tied to a string, you could not resist chasing it into court. Well you lost that one, but tonight, I want to give you another chance to get some money out of me. You and I have been going back and forth on whether you will leave office if you lose the election.', 'Trump: I mean, you have one guy on television “I’m telling you, he’s not leaving. He’s going to win and then he’s not leaving. So in 2024 he won’t leave. I’m telling you this is a serious person.', 'Thank you. Serious person, the serious person I will bet you a million dollars right now that if you lose the 2020 election, I’m right and you won’t leave. Oh, what am I saying? This is Donald Trump we’re talking about — like he’d ever pony up even if he lost a bet. That would involve two things he’s never done: admit defeat and pay a bill. Okay so forget the bet. I got a better idea. How about this: just take my check for one million dollars. My check for a million, and I bet I could get another thousand people just from here to the beach — included Malibu, of course — who would pay that much to see you resign. And to those out there who are saying, “my god, Bill, are you suggesting we pay this man to go away?” Yes, that’s exactly what I’m suggesting. In fact, I’m insisting. Celebrities do nothing but waste their money on stupid crazy shit like castles and jewel-encrusted crucifixes and shark tanks and private islands, here’s something they could spend on and know it was doing some good. Let’s speak to Donald Trump in the only language he’s ever really understood:', 'Trump: My whole life has been money. I want money. Greedy. I was greedy, greedy. I want more money, more money.', 'Bill: it’s not like he was hiding it. It goes back to his childhood. From the moment his father created his first teenage shell company. Money. Money. Money makes Donnie a winner. Daddy loves good boy who gets money. So Mr. President, it’s really very simple: you love money, we hate you. Take the money. Take our money. You could finally be the billionaire you always pretended you were. Yes, I said bill-ionaire, cuz the kind of money I could get from, just off the top of my head Oprah, Cher, Madonna, Gaga, Bono, Jay-z, Beyoncé, Pink, Rihanna, Usher, Pharrell, Eminem — and that’s just the ones with one name. Singers, actors, athletes, everyone fucking hates you. Here’s a list of every single person in show business, with the names of those who do not hate you crossed out.', 'Finally, let’s not forget the millions and millions of not-so-rich and famous people who despise you, too. Americans of modest means who would happily chip in five, ten, 20 bucks. Or pawn their wedding rings, whatever it took. And that’s why tonight I am formally announcing the formation of my national crowdfunding platform to bribe president Trump to leave — I mean, sir, win — and we call it “Prickstarter.”', 'Okay, that’s our show.', 'Please start it might work Ive got 5 bucks', 'Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.', '']['Go figure out America’s taste in television. Last year, just when the nation seemed hopelessly addicted to prime-time programs that featured equal measures of sex, greed and hair spray, along came “The Cosby Show”— an unlikely series about a black obstetrician and his family—and suddenly, network executives were proclaiming that sitcoms weren’t dead, after all. NBC, proud as a peacock at last, found itself presenting TV’s top-rated weekly comedy series, while comedian Hill Cosby, riding the biggest wave of his career, had become America’s favorite father figure.', 'As Dr. Heathcliff Huxtable, Cosby portrays a bright, funny physician who’s deeply in love with his lawyer wife, Claire, played by Phylicia Ayers-Alien. Their TV children— four daughters and one son—mirror the real-life set of siblings Cosby has sired with his wife of almost 22 years, the former Camille Hanks. On “ The Cosby Show,” Father knows best, but not to the point of parental infallibility: Cliff Huxtable often learns as much from his kids as they do from him. Some critics have carped that the show isn’t “black” enough, which is to say that Dr. Huxtable isn’t poor and doesn’t go around exchanging high fives each time he delivers a baby or a solution to a family problem. The Huxtable children, meanwhile (judging by current TV standards and practices), are just plain weird: They actually love and respect their parents. Most people are not put off by all that. As John J. O’Connor recently noted in The New York Times, “At a time when so many comedians are toppling into a kind of smutty permissiveness, Mr. Cosby is making the nation laugh by paring ordinary life to its extraordinary essentials. It is, indeed, a truly line development.” In a cover story, Newsweek suggested that Cosby’s magical rapport with children, huge popularity with grownups and fiercely creative imagination put him in the genius class.', 'How far Hill Cosby’s career will continue to develop is anybody’s guess, including the comedian’s. For more than 20 years, Cosby has been a show-business staple whose body of work now includes 20 comedy albums (five of which won Grammys), five TV series (he won three Emmys for “I Spy”), ten movies and thousands of performances as a stand-up comedian.', 'By now, you’re probably somewhat familiar with Cosby’s curriculum\xa0vitae: The eldest of three sons, he was born in Philadelphia on July 12. 1937. At Philly’s Germantown High School, he was an excellent athlete (captain of the track and football teams) but a dreadful student. After his sophomore year, Cosby joined the Navy, saw the world and then saw the light: He enrolled in Navy correspondence courses, earned his high school diploma and then wangled a track scholarship to Temple University. Three years later, he again dropped out of school, this time because his weekend appearances at various Greenwich Village night spots had made him a hot comedy commodity. In 1963, he recorded his first comedy album, won a Grammy for it and has never looked back. He later received a degree from Temple and then earned a master’s and a doctorate in education from the University of Massachusetts. Cosby’s 212-page dissertation was titled “The Integration of Visual Media via Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids into the Elementary School Culminating as a Teacher Aid to Achieve Increased Learning.” The net result is that the man known in showbiz circles as Cos is known in others as Dr. William H. Cosby, Jr. And Fat Albert, who still lives inside his creator’s head, is said to be very pleased.', 'To interview the 48-year-old performer, Playboy again teamed Cosby with free-lancer Lawrence Linderman, who conducted the magazine’s original “Playboy Interview” with him (and Tinderman’s first) in 1969. Linderman reports:', '“I caught up with Bill a few weeks after ‘The Cosby Show’ had gone into its second season of production. Cosby was spending the last days of summer doing two shows a night at tent sites in Cohasset, Massachusetts, and Baldwin, Rhode Island, both within shouting distance of his 265-acre estate near Amherst, Massachusetts. When we got together at Kimball’s by the Sea, a snug little hotel in Cohasset Harbor, Cosby greeted me warmly, and I think both of us felt as if we’d seen each other only a few weeks before. Cosby hasn’t changed much over the years: The only signs he shows of advancing middle age are a slight tinge of gray hair and the beginnings of a paunch, which he’s busting his butt to eliminate. At our first meeting, we couldn’t find the source of the tiny chimes that were sounding in the room until Bill realized the sound was coming from a pair of stop watches he’d just bought to time himself in 400-meter runs. (Once a track man, always a track man.)', '“In any case, when all the tootlings were done with, Cosby whipped out one of the foot-long Jamaican stogies he more or less chain smokes, and we got down to business. With the start of the new fall television season imminent, ‘The Cosby Show’ provided the opening subject for our conversation.”', 'PLAYBOY: The last time we spoke—in 1969—you were a hot young comedian. Since then, you’ve just about become a national institution. What does it feel like to be an American institution?', 'COSBY: Well, except for the fact that I was 16 pounds lighter 16 years ago, it feels good. It’s been good. I remember 1969 very well. Couple of things have happened since. [Grins through cigar smoke] Right about then. I had four albums in the top ten at the same time, and I don’t think even Elvis Presley ever did that. Now, that was a high. Winning the Em-mys was a high, then going on to do my TV specials. … I’ll tell you, when I was growing up in a lower-economic neighborhood in Philadelphia, these were things I thought happened only to people on the radio.', 'PLAYBOY: For readers who may not know that there was such a thing as life before television, what do you mean by that?', 'COSBY: Oh, old radio programs, like The Lux Radio Theater. The announcer would say, ‘‘There goes Humphrey Bogart” or “Sitting next to me is Edward G. Robinson.” I’d picture those guys in my mind—I’m sure they weren’t there—but that’s how some of all this feels. I know the TV series has changed things for me, but until it hit, I’d been very successful.', 'I consider myself a master of stand-up comedy, and I still really enjoy performing. I think even my commercials have been excellent, because I’ve done them only for products I believe in. But more than anything, I know how happy I am at home. My wife, Camille, and I are enjoying each other more and more, mostly because in the past eight or nine years, I’ve given up all of myself to her. I’m no longer holding anything back.', 'PLAYBOY: What part of you were you holding back?', 'COSBY: The part of me that was devoting more thought to my work than to my wife. That’s a very selfish thing to do, and I think there are people who’ll tell you quite openly that if they had to choose between their mate and their work, they’d choose their work. Well, eight or nine years ago, I realized that that was just silly, so I began releasing myself from my work—I’m not just talking about time now—and coming more and more together with my wife. And I found myself falling deeper and deeper in love with her.', 'I think the fear of giving all of myself to Camille also had to do with a worry that perhaps someday she would leave me; I was afraid that if I gave myself to her completely and she left, I’d have no hope of recovering. I always figured that maybe I should save 1 1 or 12 percent of myself to get me through that day when she says, “Look, Bill, I met a man while you were on the road and he’s a very nice guy.” When I realized what I was thinking, I thought, Well, if it happens, it happens, and I’ll deal with it then. But not now.', 'So it’s just pure and good with us. The children—some have their problems, but we’re able to work with them and talk with them, and they try. Can’t ask for more. So you’re looking at someone who was a very, very happy man before this series hit.', 'PLAYBOY: Despite all this success since we last spoke, there must have been moments that weren’t as upbeat as all that. Wasn’t there a time when Bill Cosby was in danger of going out of style?', 'COSBY: Oh, there was a point where the career—the performance, or comedy, career—began to have trouble. In the early Seventies, when the younger culture went into a kind of LSD period, a lot of legitimate showbiz people—Bill Cosby, Harry Belafonte, Andy Williams, even Johnny Mathis—began to feel like tumbleweed rolling through the back of the theaters. The economy was in a dip, our fans were becoming parents, the time seemed wrong. It was tough for a lot of us. I went to Las Vegas, worked Vegas. I worked conventions, one-nighters. . . .', 'PLAYBOY: But you were still a young man then, in your mid-30s.', 'COSBY: Yeah, but I was talking old. I was talking to audiences about my marriage, my kids—I was out of Fat Albert by then. I really didn’t want to do “I’m a child’’ anymore; I was more interested in the behavior of a parent toward a child.', 'PLAYBOY: And the times finally caught up with you. It’s being said that The Cosby Show may turn out to be the kind of comedic landmark that All in the Family was, so let’s spend some time on it. Few industry insiders expected it to survive its first season, let alone become the most popular series on television. Have you been surprised by the show’s success?', 'COSBY: Yes, it’s gone way past what I expected. All I really wanted to do was satisfy people who’d understand what I was trying to give them—a series about a family that seemed as real as you could get within the confines of television, without using vulgar or abusive language. And I wanted to show kids that their mothers and fathers could be very, very firm people, almost dogmatic, yet you’d still love them because they have tomorrow’s newspaper and what they’re saying has to do with their love and concern for you.', 'PLAYBOY: Your show went to the top of the ratings virtually from the start. What do you think accounts for its popularity?', 'COSBY: Well, if you look at Cliff Huxtable, you see an overachiever who knows that American society tends to say that certain people can’t do certain jobs because of their color or sex or religion. So people like Cliff work twice as hard to prove themselves. But the beautiful thing about Cliff is that he’s a man who truly loves his wife—all of her—and they both love their children. That’s really why people watch the show—because of the family. When the show is over, I think people have the reaction I have to it: I smile and feel good.', 'PLAYBOY: Are you trying to educate viewers as much as entertain them?', 'COSBY: Oh, absolutely. You mentioned All in the Family. See, the difference between Cliff and Norman Lear’s Archie Bunker is that I don’t remember Archie ever apologizing for anything, and it’s a point on our show that when Cliff or anybody else does something wrong, an apology is in order. For example, on a show we called “The Juicer,” the kids get into trouble with Cliff after they mess with this food processor he’s just bought. The kitchen ends up a mess, and each of the children is responsible for some part of what happened. But then the wife turns to Clift and says. “Who left the machine plugged in in the first place?” So what we’ve got here is three people who blew it in terms of responsibility, and they’re talking about it. Well, I love that.', 'Maybe I sound like someone who’s trying to sell something to an audience, but I do have a track record in education: I started with Sesame Street three weeks after it went on the air, and from there I went to The Electric Company and to Fat Albert and to a series about a teacher named Chet Kincaid, which ran on ABC for two years.', 'PLAYBOY: The idea for this show supposedly originated with Brandon Tartikoff, president of NBC Entertainment, who saw you do a monolog about your children on The Tonight Show. Is that true?', 'COSBY: Yes, but the genesis of the show was more complicated than that. About three years ago. I decided I wanted to do a TV show that all my children could watch without my wife and I worrying about how it would affect them. I’d heard a lot of people say, “I don’t want to let my children watch television,” and I was feeling the same way. The situation comedies all seemed to get their laughs by using euphemisms for sexual parts of the body—lots of jokes about boobs and butts. And if there was a detective show on—and I’m not talking about the Tom Selleck show now—you’d see cars skidding on two wheels for half a block, or else some cat would be dropping to his knees with a .357 Magnum or sticking the gun in somebody’s mouth. The language was getting tougher, the women were stripping down faster, and if you had a five-year-old daughter, she was watching men shooting bullets and drawing a lot of blood.', 'Let me jump way ahead of what we’re discussing for a second, because I want to tell you about a very crazy moment for me. W hen NBC eventually went with The Cosby Show, they asked me to speak to a big crowd of advertising people who were being introduced to the network’s ’84-’85 line-up of shows. Well, I start to talk to them about why I wanted to do another TV show, and on a screen right behind me, NBC is running film clips of its new shows, and I tell you, if they ran clips of seven cop stories, six of them had the cars on two wheels, the guy busting into the room with a big gun and somebody in a bathtub about to be blasted. I’m there looking at this stuff and thinking, My own network is the one I’m trying to kill off. I really did set out to change all that.', 'PLAYBOY: Did Tartikoff get in touch with you about your monolog?', 'COSBY: No, but word of his idea reached Marcy Carsey and Tom Werner, two young producers, and they set up a meeting with me. We agreed very quickly on the basics of the show: The mother and father would both be working, they’d love each other very much and they’d have four children living in their New York apartment. But whenever the children show up—well, as Frank Gifford says, that’s when the wheels come off. We were in complete agreement on everything until I mentioned the guy’s occupation.', 'PLAYBOY: They didn’t want a doctor?', 'COSBY: No, I wanted the guy to be a chauffeur. Marcy went crazy when I said that. She told me she couldn’t see me as a chauffeur, and I said, “Hey, chauffeurs make good money. The guy will own his own car, meaning he’ll be free to be at home at all kinds of weird hours—especially when his wife is working.”', 'PLAYBOY: Aren’t you glad you ran into Marcy Carsey?', 'COSBY: [Laughs] No, no. I’m not! And you should have heard the arguments we had when I decided I wanted my wife on the show to be a plumber or a carpenter! Well, I was arguing long and hard with Marcy and Tom, but I was standing tall. I think I could have gotten them to go along with me. But then I changed my mind.', 'PLAYBOY: Why?', 'COSBY: Because Camille, my wife of 22 years, said to me, “You will not be a chauffeur.’’ I said, “Why not?” .And Camille said, “Because I am not going to be a carpenter.” I asked her, “What’s the problem here? Is there something wrong with being a chauffeur or a carpenter?” And she said, “Bill, of course there’s nothing wrong with those occupations—I’d be stupid if I thought that. But nobody is going to believe that you‘re a chauffeur. Your image has always been Temple University, college, grad school. Nobody’s going to believe it when you put on a uniform and stand beside a car and start polishing it. And people are going to laugh in your face when they see me with a hammer!” Well, I gave up on the idea right then and there.', 'PLAYBOY: Let’s see if we have this right: You ( hanged your mind because your wife felt that your TV wife’s occupation—and yours—wouldn’t square with the real image?', 'COSBY: Oh, no, I changed my mind not only because I absolutely trust Camille but also because at that point in the discussion, she had gotten upset with me. My wife doesn’t get upset about casual things, but now she was really upset; she was asking me to go visit a psychiatrist and bring back a note. Case closed. I went back and told lorn and Marcy they were right, and we changed Cliff’s occupation. Then they went up to Tartikoff with it and, boom, money came in and we did the show.', 'PLAYBOY: Who decided that Cliff Huxtable would be an obstetrician?', 'COSBY: I did. I wanted to be able to talk to women who were about to give birth and make them feel comfortable. I also wanted to talk to their husbands and put a few messages out every now and then.', 'PLAYBOY: Such as?', 'COSBY: That fathering a child isn’t about being a macho man, and if you think it is, you’re making a terrible mistake. It’s about becoming a parent.', 'PLAYBOY: Do you think you’ve succeeded in putting out those messages?', 'COSBY: Oh, sure. In one episode last season, a new husband comes into Cliff’s office and says, “I’m the man, the head of the household. Women should be kept barefoot and pregnant.” Cliff tells the guy that being a parent has nothing to do with that kind of concept of manhood. And he really straightens him out by telling him that neither he nor his wife will be in charge of the house—their children will. But this is an example of why I say I always felt the Huxtables’ jobs have very little to do with the show. It’s the behavior, the dealing with the children, the dealing with the wife that makes it work.', 'PLAYBOY: But just as Cliff’s profession gives him the opportunity to make certain points, doesn’t his wife do the same thing in her capacity as a lawyer?', 'COSBY: Yes, but I don’t think what she has to say emanates from a set of law offices. What I’m after is what happens to an individual. I’m not going after a broad social turnaround tomorrow. How can I put it? [Pauses] Look, I think I have faced these situations enough to say that if I threw a message out hard and heavy. I’d lose viewers. But if the message is subtle, people who want to find it will find it; and if they want to make changes, they will.', 'PLAYBOY: Which message do you mean?', 'COSBY: Any of them. Take the black female lawyer who’s been in a firm for seven years and is hoping for a promotion. . Generally, if you’re black and female in a white-male firm that you’ve been fortunate enough to get into, well, when you’re looking for that promotion and you don’t get it, you’re out. But if I put that on the show, my experience tells me no changes will come of it. So she got the promotion.', 'PLAYBOY: Since it obviously doesn’t always work that way in real life, can’t you be accused of giving viewers—especially in the example you just mentioned—a sugarcoated version of reality?', 'COSBY: It’s my position and feeling that if I put a situation that’s behaviorally negative on the show—let’s say Claire deserves the promotion and doesn’t get it—then I’ll be putting some lawyers on the defensive. And what’s the result? They’ll say, “Listen, I don’t want to hear this.” If somebody doesn’t want to give you something, they’re going to continue not to give it to you, regardless of what you say. And if they find you doing something they don’t like, they will at that point explain they were about to give it to you, but now that you’ve done something they don’t like, they won’t give it to you. It’s my Uncle Jack theory.', 'PLAYBOY: Care to tell us more about it?', 'COSBY: Well, I had an uncle Jack who owned a bicycle shop. The man knew that I loved bikes, and I’d go down to his shop on North Broad Street in Philadelphia and just salivate at the sight of all those bicycles. I was 12 years old and my uncle Jack knew how much I wanted a bike, but he’d never given me one. He let me ride bikes inside the shop, and one day I ran into his glass showcase and cracked it. Uncle Jack said to me, “Bill, I was going to give you a bike, but since you just broke my showcase, forget about it.”', 'Well, at the age of 12, I just said to myself, “Uncle Jack wasn’t going to give me a bike anyway.” That was a valuable lesson to learn.', 'PLAYBOY: And that has shaped your approach to dealing with social issues?', 'COSBY: Absolutely. By letting Claire get her promotion, I feel that when the show is rerun and rerun, there will be lawyers out there who’ll see it and who’ll maybe give a black, white or Asian female the promotion those women may deserve. We always try to put out a positive message, and all the people on that show arc very positive. The result is that we won’t have lawyers looking at the show and saying, “Don’t tell me the rotten guy who turned Claire down is me!” They’ll want to be smart, like the lawyer who gave her the promotion.', 'PLAYBOY: If we follow your reasoning, then, is it fair to say that The Cosby Show avoids presenting any rotten characters?', 'COSBY: I really try not to. I’d rather have people we all recognize and who, in their own way, are funny. For instance, this year, the Huxtables are making improvements in their house, and we’re introducing a contractor who’ll be on the show maybe five times. I love the character. The contractor comes in to look at the work Cliff wants done, and he tells him the three things contractors always tell you: “I don’t know how long it’s going to take. I don’t know what it’s going to cost. And I just don’t know when I’m going to get started, Dr. Huxtable.” I think people will look at him working in the Huxtables’ house—with cloths set up and dust rising and the kids flying around—and say. “Yeah, that’s happened to us.”', 'PLAYBOY: You’ve already mentioned the overlap your wife felt between your real family and your TV family: Do the Huxtables have four daughters and one son because Bill Cosby is the father of four daughters and one son?', 'COSBY: Oh, sure. What’s funny is that in the beginning, we all agreed that the Huxtables would have four children. We had excluded the character of my real daughter who’s away at college. It wasn’t until after we did the first show that I felt that my oldest daughter was missing—I really wanted her to be part of that family in terms of my ideas. Sondra Huxtable, who’s played by Sabrina LeBeauf, a very fine actress, is not our oldest girl. Erica. But in terms of having that family work, in terms of what I know, I needed an oldest daughter away at college. My only regret now is that we don’t give Sabrina enough work. At the writers’ meetings, I’ll say, “Now, look, somebody remind me that we’ve got to bring Sondra home. I want to see her.”', 'PLAYBOY: Do the Cosby children ever get upset because their father is duplicating or extending some of their own foibles on national television?', 'COSBY: No, because in my stand-up-comedy work, the children have already seen me talking about them and naming them and embellishing what they’ve said or done, and they’ve always been cool about it. Sometimes they even enjoy coming back to me and saying, “Oh, look, Dad, please, I don’t want people to think I’m like that.”', 'PLAYBOY: Some of the stories are straight out of real life, though, without embellishment, aren’t they?', 'COSBY: Oh, yeah. There’s a story I tell about my son, Ennis, walking around looking real thoughtful one day when he was 14. The boy obviously was working up the nerve to ask me for something big—a father knows that look. He finally came up to me and said, “Dad, I was talking to my friends, and they think that when I’m 16 and old enough to drive, I should have my own car.’’', '“Fine. You’ve got wonderful friends,” I told him. “I think it’s terrific that they want to buy you a car.”', 'The boy looks at me in shock. “No, Dad, they want you to buy the car.”', 'This does not come as a shock to me. “What kind of car did you have in mind?” I ask.', '“Gee, Dad, I think it would really be nice to have a Corvette.”', 'Can’t fault the boy’s taste in cars. I say to him, “Look, son, a Corvette costs about $25,000, and I can afford to buy you one. I ‘d like to buy you a Corvette— but not when you don’t do your homework and you bring home Ds on your report card. So I’ll make you a deal: For the next two years, you make every effort to fulfill your potential in school, and even though Corvettes will then cost about $50,000, I’ll buy you one. And I won’t even care if you do bring home Ds. If your teachers tell me you tried as hard as you could, and that you talked to them every time you had a problem with your work, well, if a D was the best you could do, I can’t ask any more of you. Just give a 100 percent effort in school for the next two years, and you’ve got yourself a Corvette.”', 'My son gets very quiet. Finally, he looks up at me and says, “Dad, what do you think about a Volkswagen?” Young Ennis, by the way, is now 6’3” tall.', 'PLAYBOY: Do you ever get out on a basketball court with him?', 'COSBY: No way. Ennis is much too quick and too strong for me. Listen, I run in a competition for older guys called the Masters, and if I can’t beat men my own age—which I can’t—what would I be doing going up against a 16-year-old kid? Ennis is a good athlete, but he’s a gentleman athlete. He’s not from the days of yesteryear, when you stayed out on the court for 17 hours even if the temperature reached 103 degrees. I mean, Ennis has sense.', 'PLAYBOY: More than you had as a child?', 'COSBY: No question. You know what my problem used to be—among others? Embarrassment when I found out that someone else was right and I was wrong. I’ll give you an example: When I was about 12, my grandfather said to me, “Don’t play football until you’re 21 years old.” Now. this was a man I loved and respected. I said, “Why, Granddad?” He said, “Because your bones won’t heal until you’re 21.”', 'Very quietly, I dismissed him. He was not a high school-educated man. This was a hard-working steel driver, Samuel Russell Cosby, but I said to myself, “This man is trying to stop me from doing something I want to do.” So I played football in junior high, I played it on the street, I played it in high school. Got on the football team at Philadelphia Central High School. First game, I jumped over a guy and cracked my humerus—my shoulder. They put a cast on it and I was out for the season.', 'So I’m on the sofa in our house in the Richard Allen Projects, and my grandfather comes all the way from his house in Germantown on the trolley car. He always would come over to tell me a story and give me 50 cents—the story before the money. He was a very wise man. So this day, he looks down at me and says— well, it’s what he didn’t say. He didn’t say, “I told you so.” He just told me to take care of my shoulder—and I’ve never felt worse, more embarrassed. His mere presence—-', 'PLAYBOY: What passed between the two of you at that moment?', 'COSBY: Fifty cents. [Laughs]', 'PLAYBOY: Getting back to the Huxtables and the Cosbys, do you ever feel you’re the head of two families?', 'COSBY: Very much so. But I don’t get my children and wife confused with the people I work with. They’re family in the same way Bob Gulp and I were family when we worked on I Spy and still are. The people on The Cosby Show are people I love and care for, and I have things I want for the TV children. But when the day’s over, I don’t have any problems with them. And I know that Phylicia is family in the sense that she could be my younger sister. I have a deep respect and love for her.', 'PLAYBOY: You had final say on casting The Cosby Show. Why did you choose her to play your wife?', 'COSBY: Phylicia knew how to look at a kid when you put all the guns on the table and say, “You go upstairs to your room,” and the kid knows that if he doesn’t do it, he’s going to find himself walking on hot coals without his shoes on. Marcy and Dick brought me the three finalists for every role, and Phylicia won flat-out. In dealing with children, some mothers yell and nothing is happening except the sound of a woman yelling. Phylicia was able to say “Case closed” just with her eyes. Lisa Bonet, who plays Denise, was also an obvious winner. Lisa was just what I wanted for Denise—a fashionconscious teenager who’s hip but who appears to be a little off-center and might just decide to become Greta Garbo. She’s not on drugs and isn’t supposed to look like she is, but I wanted Denise Huxtable to seem a little spaced-out, anti Lisa has that quality. Tempestt Bledsoe, who plays 12-year-old Vanessa, was clearly the best in her category. Last year, she was the gossip and the child with the wisecracks. This year, she’s discovering boys, letting her jersey flop off one shoulder and, when not checking herself out in the mirror, is always on the phone.', 'PLAYBOY: Which was the toughest role to cast?', 'COSBY: Theo, the son. When the three finalists for the part read for me, the boys all had a similar way of reacting to the parent telling them to do something: They sucked their teeth and rolled their eyes before answering. I said the same thing to all three separately: ‘‘Do you have a father?” “Yes, sir.” “If you said something to your father that way. what do you think would happen to you?” They all gave a sheepish smile and said they’d either wind up going through a wall or doing a crash landing out on the street. So I asked them to talk to me the way they would to their fathers, and we had the three boys go back into the hall. When Malcolm-Jamal Warner came back. I loved what he did. The moves w’ere right; he was talking to his dad. He’s a very Hexible young actor. There was another boy I liked, and I almost asked if I could have two sons. At that point, I knew we were going to have four kids in the house, and I wasn’t too sure I wanted one of them to be a six-year-old girl.', 'PLAYBOY: Why not?', 'COSBY: I told Marcy we’d be there shooting for the rest of our lives if we had a little kid. Now, Marcy was the one who wanted the teeny-weeny, and when little Keshia Knight Pulliam came in—I mean, you can’t argue about whether or not she’s a beautiful little girl, because, of course, she is. But I really didn’t think I wanted to work with someone so young. After meeting Keshia, I said, “OK, she’s very, very bright and she’ll be able to handle it.”', 'Well, now when people talk to me on the street or on airplanes, they all tell me they could just bite that little girl—I mean, Keshia’s more than earned her keep. Getting her was a very smart decision on Marcy’s part, because when you look over the Huxtable family, there’s a kid for just about every age group.', 'PLAYBOY: Do you feel any pressure about maintaining your top ranking?', 'COSBY: The pressure in television is to stay in the top 20. You fight to stay alive each week, and you do a lot of hoping. And meanwhile, you’ve got a show to put together and then perform, and en route to doing that, you watch the numbers. It’s almost as if each week, you’re a person looking back to see how you lived. You know, right now, it may look like I’m the boss, but the ratings dictate who’s the boss, and when the numbers drop, you get a visit from the network SS men.', 'PLAYBOY: Who are those horrible people and what tortures do they inflict?', 'COSBY: Well, they’re executives who seem to get younger and younger every year, and they say things like, “We think you ought to try doing it our way,” which is not what you want to do. I’ve been there before. If and w hen the rating erosion occurs, you weigh what they say, and if it’s worth anything, you try to comply. This is a very cold business, and if you don’t look at it that way, you can get hurt. For instance, The Jeffersons was on for ten years, and suddenly the network said. “You’ve been on long enough; that’s it.” Well, ten years is a tremendous amount of time to keep a show going on network television, but I think the actors were really upset when CBS let them go.', 'PLAYBOY: What did you think of The Jeffersons?', 'COSBY: I felt that it taught most of America about a different kind of sound. The characters’ speech was Southern, and its rhythms were different from what you’d find on I Love Lucy, for instance. But maybe not so different from what you can still hear on The Honeymooners, because Ralph Kramden, even though he wasn’t from the South, was a lower-economic street guy. The Jeffersons got a lot of Americans who watch TV accustomed to that sound, just as Flip Wilson and Redd Foxx had done. Then Richard Pryor came along with The Richard Pryor Show, which didn’t last long—-', 'PLAYBOY: That’s the one where he said he wanted to appear nude and the network canceled it, right?', 'COSBY: Yeah, but it had impact. It worked on a sociopolitical level, as well as on an educated street level, which means you could be sitting in the Russian lea Room, having blinis and having graduated from Temple University, and enjoy it right down to your roots.', 'PLAYBOY: You and Pryor met in the Village when you were both coming up, right?', 'COSBY: Yeah. He was at the Cafe Wha? and I was at the Gaslight.', 'PLAYBOY: Why did it take so much longer for him to make it?', 'COSBY: They wanted only one at a time.', 'PLAYBOY: And for then, that was you.', 'COSBY: Well, I came up at a time when Dick Gregory was doing very tough political humor, and I admired him so much I started out doing the same thing. But then I decided I had to break away from that; I felt that if Americans were going to judge people as individuals, you didn’t have to hammer people over the head. So if I played the hungry i in San Francisco and then the Apollo in Harlem, I didn’t go to the Apollo and load up on antiwhite material, nor did I load up on you-black-people-better-get-yourself-together talk. I did the same show at both places and people reacted the same way in both places: They laughed.', 'PLAYBOY: People often compare your comedy work with Pryor’s and Eddie Murphy’s. What’s most obvious is the difference between their use of profanity and your avoidance of it. I las that been a calculated decision on your part?', 'COSBY: No, it’s just that I’ve never been comfortable with profanity. During the early Seventies, there was a time when I used profanity on stage for about six months. I was trying to get the audience to understand the language between a father and a son, and it involved a lot of cursing. I did a bit that showed my father cursing me and I found that the audience . . . just was not ready for me to curse on stage. So I cut it out, and I had to find another way of doing that piece without using curse words.', 'Now, I happen to think that Richard’s way of using four-letter words and 12-letter curse words has nothing to do with Eddie Murphy’s way of using 77-letter curse words.', 'PLAYBOY: So you don’t find Pryor’s humor offensive?', 'COSBY: Richard to me is like Lenny Bruce, and I think a lot of what he does and says is to try to get people to understand different kinds of behavior. Richard has also developed some characters that I absolutely admire, such as Mudbone and the wino in a crap game— I’ve known those people. I’ve seen them, I grew up around them and they were wonderful. Those are not embarrassing characters. Pryor also has a brilliant study of a man getting drunk and coming home and wanting to punch out his wife but being too loaded to do anything but pass out. All of these things are pertinent to human behavior.', 'Now, I wish I could explain Richard when it came to physically abusing himself, but I can’t, because I don’t know behaviorally where Richard is or was then.', 'PLAYBOY: You seem ambivalent in your feelings toward Eddie Murphy. What do you think of the choices he’s made thus far?', 'COSBY: Listen, Eddie Murphy is a young man who is extremely, extremely intelligent. In terms of performing and self-editing, Eddie Murphy has made a choice. He knows what’s right, he knows what’s wrong, he knows what will upset people and what will not upset people. He has decided he’ll say what he wants to say, and if it upsets some people, fine—but he’s going to say it, anyway. Now, I don’t happen to think of Eddie as a stand-up comedian. One of the reasons there are only a few stand-up comedians, like Billy Crystal and Jay Leno, around is that when somebody gets hot, they go into movies—and Eddie Murphy packs people into theaters. The question, perhaps, then comes down to this: Is Eddie Murphy, with his street language, harmful?', 'When Murphy broke into movies in 48 Hrs., I agreed with Pauline Kael of The New Yorker, who raved about the young man. I did not agree with the total about-face she did on Murphy in Beverly Hills Cop. Same fellow, right?', 'PLAYBOY: How did you feel when Murphy impersonated you on Saturday Night Live as a kind of pompous, cigar-waving Bob Hope figure?', 'COSBY: I didn’t mind it. I think there are always these positions younger people take, coming into a field, looking at older people and thinking, Hey, you’re not that good; I can be better. That’s how you get pupils to surpass their teachers.', 'PLAYBOY: So, overall, you like Murphy’s brand of humor.', 'COSBY: I like his movies—his movies. They make me laugh. They make a lot of people laugh. That’s not an easy thing to do, which is why I have a problem with the entire entertainment industry and its rejection of comedians. People in the industry will admit that comedy is a tough business. They will also admit that you have to be very intelligent to be able to get people to laugh. Well, if we weigh and measure the importance of making an audience laugh and the good feeling people get from that, why does the record industry always make sure it won’t even announce who won best comedy album on the Grammy telecast? And I think it’s just flat-out dumb for the movie industry not to nominate funny actors like Steve Martin for Academy Awards. Academy Award nominations almost always go to actors who are deeply serious and who are in serious movies. Of course, a lot of those movies are funny anyway.', 'PLAYBOY: Are you grousing because you’ve made ten movies and have yet to be nominated for an Academy Award?', 'COSBY: Absolutely, absolutely not! Whatever chance I ever had to be nominated was when I was part of the big cast— Maggie Smith, Michael Caine, Alan Alda, Jane Fonda, Richard Pryor and me—in California Suite. The producer of that movie, Ray Stark, called me and told me he was taking out ads and trying to get everybody nominated, and I told him I wasn’t interested. It’s very difficult to tell producers that.', 'PLAYBOY: Why did you?', 'COSBY: For the same reason I told the Emmy people that I didn’t want to be nominated for The Cosby Show: I remember the years with Bob Culp on I Spy, being up against my buddy and hoping that I’d be the one chosen . . . for what? Well, because it’s the highest award you can get from the television academy. OK, I won Emmys three years running, and then I started hoping my television specials would be chosen for an Emmy over somebody else’s television specials. But I wasn’t making television specials in hopes that mine would be chosen over somebody else’s. I’m not doing this situation comedy in order to compete with Bob Newhart and Robert Guillaume.', 'As far as that possible Academy Award nomination, hey, I knew that Ray Stark was talking to me about money, because if you’re just nominated—you don’t have to win—you’ll be more in demand and you’ll be offered more money the next picture you act in. Meanwhile, I have to tell you my performance in California Suite was not very good. I really didn’t understand about a third of what I was doing in that movie.', 'PLAYBOY: What was the problem?', 'COSBY: Doc [Neil] Simon’s lines don’t knock me out; but then again. I’m not an actor, I’m a stand-up comedian. I like a flow from one line to another, and I just couldn’t make the connections between Simon’s lines. That had nothing to do with Doc’s being white and Jewish. It just had to do with me—and Pryor, too, I think—not being a trained actor. If they’d done our segment with black actors like James Karl Jones, Cleavon Little, Clarence Williams III or Al Freeman, Jr.—fellas who know their way around Chekhov and Ibsen and who also know their way around the complexities of a character—well, the thing would have come off better. But I still enjoyed working with Richard and I enjoyed the physical parts of our piece—the fight and the tennis match.', 'PLAYBOY: Despite your successful collaboration with Sidney Poitier in Uptown Saturday Night, Let’s Do It Again and A Piece of the Action, movies have never really been your medium. Has that been a source of disappointment?', 'COSBY: No, because I never cared about being a movie star. To me, that was a gimme—you want to give it to me, fine, I’ll take it. That’s not to say we don’t all have fantasies about becoming movie stars: “Oh. I’m so glad you liked my last film. Yes, right now my agent’s sifting through a pile of offers. Of course I know that Marlon wants to work with me, but I won’t even consider it unless we find the right director.” In reality, the TV series is exactly w hat I enjoy doing.', 'PLAYBOY: You also once said that jazz was an important part of your life and that you learned a lot about comedy by watching jazz musicians perform. Still true?', 'COSBY: Yeah. I started consciously listening to jazz and loving it when I was 11 years old and bought my first pair of drumsticks. I’m a self-taught drummer, and sometimes, friends of mine like Dizzy Gillespie and Jimmy Smith will let me sit in with them. They do that as a favor to me, because it’s no great thrill for them to have this incompetent up there with them—if I was really their friend, I’d stay in the audience, where I belong. Anyway, in the Fifties, Philadelphia had a lot of small jazz clubs, and when I was 16, I’d go listen to musicians like Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers, Charlie Parker, Dizzy Gillespie, Max Roach, Charlie Mingus and Bud Powell. I once heard a jazz band play The Joint Is Jumping and Cottontail and then discovered that those two songs are really versions of I Got Rhythm. So I began listening more and more to the piano players and bass players going through intricate chord changes, and I’d also watch the next soloist thinking about what he was going to play when it was his turn. When I started doing comedy, I began structuring my work the same way jazz musicians do; to me, a joke is a tune that has a beginning, a middle and an end. I’m the soloist, and my chord changes are the punch lines that make people laugh.', 'PLAYBOY: Can you play a little for us?', 'COSBY: Sure. Here’s a very simple joke: You walk into a room to get something, and when you get there, you forgot why you came in. You stand there trying to remember what you were looking for, and then you leave the room. Now, that’s all there is to this particular tune. I start out very simply, but en route to the room or standing in it or coming out of it, I can play any chord change I want—as long as it’s funny. I can go into the room, look around and have no idea what I’m looking for, and then one of my kids will come in and say, “Gee, Dad. did you forget what you were looking for again? Boy, your mind’s really going.” That’s one chord change, or I can talk to myself and say something like, “I’ll recognize what I’m looking for when I see it.” I may follow that up with another chord change: “Well, how do I know I’ll recognize what I’m looking for when I see it?” I can play that tune any way I want to, which is how a jazz musician works.', 'PLAYBOY: You’re also now writing a book about how to be a father. Do you consider yourself an expert on raising children?', 'COSBY: Ask me anything, I’ve got the answer. You know, when I first became a parent, I had certain ideas about how I was going to control the children, and they all boiled down to this: Children just need love. Well, some years later, you find yourself talking to your child, who is of high intelligence, and saying, “No, you cannot drive the car until you get a learner’s permit.” And then, ten minutes later, you see your car being driven down the street by the same child you just told not to drive it. When the child gets back and gets out of the car, you have the following conversation: “Was that you driving the car?” “Yes.” Why?” “Well, I just wanted to see if I could do it.’ “But didn’t I tell you not to drive it?” “Yes.” “Well, if I told you not to drive the car, why were you driving it?” “I don’t know.” Well, to me, that’s brain damage. All children have that kind of brain damage. Parents should prepare themselves to face that fact.', 'PLAYBOY: Is there anything you can do about it?', 'COSBY: Not much. Which is why you wind up doing a lot of yelling. There have been times when I’ve felt like a football coach in the locker room at half time, and here we are, 16 points down against a team we’re favored to beat by three touchdowns. And there I am, saying to this team, “Listen, if we win this game, we can go to the Super Bowl!” And I’m looking at a team that just won’t wake up. though I know what they can do if they start to play. So now I’m kicking the benches, because I realize I might as well be talking to the walls, and I probably am.', 'If you’re a father, you get to be very familiar with that situation. I don’t know how many times I wanted one of the kids to go in a certain direction and the child wanted to go in another direction that I knew was no good for the kid, so I gave maybe my 55th reading on why the child should go in the direction I was pointing to. And there I am, putting in love, investing in presents, resorting to outright bribery in the form of cold cash and even invoking racial pride. I mean, I’m telling my daughter that black America is waiting for her, that she cannot disappoint Harriet Tubman—I’m giving it my best shot. And when I’m finally done, my little girl turns to me and says, “Gee, Dad, I don’t think I want to do that.”', 'PLAYBOY: Have you ever lost your temper and physically lashed out at your children?', 'COSBY: I was physical with my son just once, very physical, but not because I lost my temper. I just didn’t see any other way of getting him to make a change, so along with being physical with him, I begged him to understand that I truly, truly loved him and that he had to understand that what I’d asked him to do was best for him. And I really wouldn’t— and didn’t—leave until he understood that. I stayed and poured out what was in my heart until he accepted the fact that I did the physical thing because I finally didn’t sec where talking to him had done any good. And that I meant for him to do exactly what I said and that I wanted him to understand he had no choice in this particular matter. And my son made a change.', 'Now, I don’t want anyone to think I’m advocating physical punishment, because that doesn’t always work, either. When I was a kid, I don’t know how-many beatings I got for different things. It was still a matter of my priorities versus those of my parents and what I thought I could get away with.', 'PLAYBOY: Have you run into situations where, as your children have gotten older, there’s simply no dissuading them from a course of action you oppose?', 'COSBY: Yes, that’s happened. We live in an academic environment, and Camille and I feel that formal education is the best way to go for our kids, but one of our children—who’s entitled to privacy on this—has told us, “I really don’t want to learn the technical aspects of any thing; I just want to be out on my own.’ Obviously, this child has a better idea. So we let the child go. No one’s getting kicked out of the house, and we’re not pulling away the safety net. We have phone numbers, and the person is to call any time there’s any trouble. But we’re also saying, “This is your idea, and you’re going to have to earn the right to be on your own. You get no money from us toward your support.” In other words, the kid’s really out there. It’s not one of those things where the parents say, “OK, go do it,” and then they get a call and the child says, “Gee, folks, I’ve got this phone bill to pay and I need a car.” We re telling this child, “You have to function on your own if you want to live the lifestyle you’ve chosen for yourself.”', 'All our children have met a lot of black Americans who have succeeded, who have achieved and who are highly educated. The choice this child has made seems to be, “Listen, there’s a lot of fun to be had out there.” And it’s disheartening. However, when I look at my own life and some of the choices I made when I w as young—you just never know.', 'PLAYBOY: Do you think you may be too demanding, expecting perfection from others?', 'COSBY: Oh, I know that everything’s not perfect. I mean, I see how’ people love the Huxtable television family, and then I turn around and look at South Africa and hear my Government saying, “Well, we’ve got to take it easy,” and I know everything’s not perfect. Io have a man like Jerry Falwell invoking the name of Jesus and talking about spending $1,000,000 to strengthen South Africa’s segregationist government—believe me,\nI know everything’s far from perfect.', 'PLAYBOY: How do you feel about U.S. policy toward South Africa?', 'COSBY: I’m actually embarrassed as an American that our Government—the one that’s in office now—has done so little to change the situation there. Can’t w e be enough of a big brother to South Africa to take our younger brother very gently around the shoulders and say, “How do you feel?” Not necessarily “Little brother, you’re wrong,” but at least say, “ Lake a look at us. Democracy isn’t as bad as you think.” Instead, we go over and dance with that brother and we give a clear message to the world that the United States is pro-apartheid. I was shocked that a representative of the Reagan Administration went on TV to chastise Bishop Tutu for not attending a meeting with President Botha, who had basically said, “I don’t care what anybody else says or thinks, apartheid will remain the law of this land—but you can come to my meeting, Bishop Tutu.” Once again, we got my Uncle Jack working. And what isn’t he going to give the black people of South Africa? Look at America’s doctrine of democracy, and then read what the South African government says an individual can and cannot say and where black South Africans can and cannot live, and then read about how people who oppose the government—who simply disagree with it—are imprisoned. If black South Africans want democracy, Uncle Jack will be glad to tell them why he has decided not to give it to them—it’s because they had the nerve to ask for it.', 'PLAYBOY: What would you like President Reagan to do about South Africa?', 'COSBY: Why hasn’t he seen to it that somebody in the Government has stood up and said, “The Reagan Administration believes that this apartheid, this killing, is wrong, and you’ve got to clean up your act”? I am waiting for somebody in the Government of the United States of America, the land of opportunity, to say to its little brother South Africa, “You gotta stop this. Period. Forget that you’re making us look bad—morally, you have to stop this!”', 'PLAYBOY: What do you believe is going to happen in South Africa?', 'COSBY: I think that in our first Interview, I made a statement about the U.S. in which I said that black Americans would never again sit still for segregation or discrimination. And now, in 1985, my statement is that black South Africans have reached that same moment in time. If the white South African government decides to kill and go to war, there will be a war. But that government will not be able to hold on to the country without a war. Too many black South Africans are now saying, “If I have to live as a third-class citizen under the rule of apartheid, if this is to be my life, then I don’t want to live.” There’s no turning back for the blacks of South Africa. Now, I ‘m not saying or thinking that South African blacks are going to slaughter South African whites and run them all out of the country and then say, “This is our land.” I’m only telling you that those people will no longer tolerate apartheid. All they want is to live like human beings.', 'PLAYBOY: When you spoke about race relations in the U.S. 16 years ago, you were very pessimistic about the future. What are your feelings about the subject today?', 'COSBY: The same, and it isn’t just blacks and whites—it’s about what’s happening among all people in the U.S. More and more in this country, we re not able to say the word American for everybody who lives here. Even the movie industry—maybe especially the movie industry—commits almost blatant crimes with some of the films it puts out. In Year of the Dragon, one white man walks into Chinatown and decimates the place. This again reminds everybody who’s nonwhite that he can be mistreated—and we’re still talking about Americans. For God’s sake, if you grew up when I did and you were black, when you went to the movies and saw Tarzan, you were told that you could just drop a white baby out of a plane and by the time he was 16, he’d be running the entire jungle. This year, if you’re black, you can go see a cult film popular with kids—and tine of the dumbest pictures ever made—The Gods Must Be Crazy, which shows that if you just drop a Coke bottle out of an airplane, you can pretty much shake up an entire African culture. [Laughs sarcastically] Black people certainly are primitive, aren’t they? If you want proof, send in a white film maker.', 'PLAYBOY: Let’s close on your career. With everything going so well for you, why have some reporters written that this latest burst of success has made you difficult, arrogant? What’s that all about?', 'COSBY: It’s all about when I say no. It’s all about how I look at someone when he knows he’s said something dumb and I won’t help him out of the hole. It’s not that I pile the dirt on top of him and smash the shovel down, but I guess I let people know w hen I think a question or a statement is rude or dumb or whatever. A woman from TV Guide recently interviews me and wants to do amateur psychoanalysis. A photographer from the Los Angeles Times poses me this way and that way for what seems like an hour, and I finally tell her I think I’ve done what she wants. They’re going to tell people I was arrogant.', 'PLAYBOY: I low do you feel when you’re accused of not being outspoken enough in your show on matters of race and politics?', 'COSBY: It depends on the person making the attack. If it’s just some neoliberal who feels I should be a martyr—you know, the kind who says I should take my show, tell everything like it really is and get canceled in three weeks—that person has no idea what life is all about. And neoliberals have a great deal of racism in their hearts. Why else would they tell you to go out and get your brains blown out?', 'PLAYBOY: Who are these neoliberals— members of the press?', 'COSBY: That’s what I’m talking about, the press.', 'PLAYBOY: Still, you’ve gotten a lot of very good press lately, most of it centered on the way you’ve become almost a national father figure—whit h means that the media will continue to ask you a lot of daddy questions. Do you have any parting advice on that topic?', 'COSBY: I’m doing a book on being a father. It’ll be out around Father’s Day.', 'PLAYBOY: You’ve already discussed the subject with us, and the book wouldn’t preclude some remarks from you on the subject, would it?', 'COSBY: It might. The publishers have paid mean awful lot of money. And since this is only one brain I’ve got. . . .', 'PLAYBOY: Come on. Bill. This is the Playboy Interview—some of our readers are fathers, and even more are moving into that time of life.', 'COSBY: Yeah, I think that the subjects we’ve talked about ate interesting—especially for Playboy—because what you have here is a guy saying that he’s given all of himself to his wife and children. I think that may turn some lights on.', 'PLAYBOY: So we ll press you: What’s your parting advice to people who’ll soon be parents?', 'COSBY: Well, I speak to my son and daughters about heroes, people whom we look up to for various reasons. What is it we worship about a person? What is it that makes that person a hero to you? And if it is that the person is perfect, then you really haven’t done an honest job on yourself, because people are not perfect. Edwin Moses is a great track star who this year was arrested for possession of marijuana and soliciting a prostitute. The TV networks picked up on it. and then came all these discussions about “What are our heroes coming to?” Now. I felt sorry for Edwin, but then I also felt. Well, if it’s true, am I going to be angry with him and not think that he is a great athlete anymore? I told my children what Edwin was charged with, and I said, “I still want you to look at Edwin Moses as a hero.” They said, “Well, Dad, how can we after he’s done this?” I said, “Even if he’s found guilty, are we going to trash what this man has done, which is to win 109 races in a row-?’’ We became fans because he’s a man who worked eight to ten hours a day, punishing himself to get in shape to achieve his dream. We all said, “What a great athlete; what a great man dedicated to achieving his potential.” That’s what we can say about Edwin Moses. We’ve got to examine who and what a hero is and how far we, the fans, go in putting these people up on pedestals. I hey’re not perfect, but then again, neither are we.', 'Source: Playboy, December 1985', 'Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.', '']['Aired on September 27th 2019', '-Thank you. Thank you. So, it’s been a big week for me. My wife and I celebrated at a restaurant. My wife doesn’t really know how a restaurant works. Like, I worked in restaurants. I know the back of the house, I know the front of the house. I know the nuances. [Laughter] My wife has no idea. For example, she always flags down the busboy. [Laughter]', 'She’s always like, “Excuse me?”', 'He’s like, “Yes?!”', 'Oh.', '[Laughter]', 'My wife doesn’t know how to talk to foreigners. Okay? Look at how quiet it just got. [Laughter] I said “foreigners.” Everybody’s, “Hey, guy…” [Laughter] I grew up with foreigners. My father is a foreigner. My grandfather is a foreigner. They do not have the complete grasp of the English language. So you can’t talk to them like you would talk to somebody who knows English. All right? It’s always fragmented. My wife, she’s asking the busboy, “Can I have another Tito’s and soda?” I go, “Babe, the only ‘Tito’ he knows is in the back.” [Laughter] He’s gonna go and say, “Tito, they need you!” [Laughter] And he’s gonna come out with a towel over his shoulder and a can of soda. “Hey!” [Laughter]', 'My wife never knows what she wants to eat. She always goes, “You go first.” I said, “All right. I’ll have a New York strip and mixed vegetables. Back to you. How long did you think I was going to take?” [Laughter] And She gets it from her family. Going out with my wife’s family is a nightmare. All right? My wife comes from a Jewish family. Do we have any Jews here tonight? [Cheers] Perfect. You’ll get this. Okay? [Laughter] I love the Jews. The Jews are very sweet people. All right? My wife’s Jewish. My best friend is Jewish. They’re sweet people, all right? I got to build them up because now I’m gonna rip them to shreds, right? [Laughter and applause]', 'When we go out with my wife’s family, Jews, generally, are unhappy… [Laughter] …when they go out to a restaurant. Right? For example, when we go to the table, I never sit down at the table. ‘Cause I know this isn’t the table… [Laughter] …we’re gonna be dining at tonight. [Laughter] There’s a lot of whispering as we approach, particularly coming out of my mother-in-law. [Stammering] “Oh…” There’s always something wrong. There’s a draft. There’s a lot of traffic. [Laughter] The chair’s screwed up. [Laughter] The chair is always screwed up. Constantly. Food’s going back. Food’s gonna go back… for sure. [Laughter] Like, they think every ingredient should be listed on the menu. So when it comes out and they don’t — You know, they’re like, “Huh? What?” The hand goes up. [Laughter] She’s like, “What’s this?” And the waiter’s like, “That’s a little cumin.” She’s like, “Well, I didn’t see that on the menu.” And I’m thinking, “I don’t know. Maybe the chef was in the back, and he’s like, “Eh, let me give it a little cumin.” [Laughter] Maybe — [Laughter] “A little experiment tonight. I don’t know. Just because it’s not on page 2, I can’t use it?” [Laughter] Italians, we don’t send food back. We’ll talk about it. “How is it?” “It sucks, but what’d you expect? We didn’t make it. All right?” [Laughter and applause] We’ll try and fix it at the table. “Give me the pepper and the oil. Let me see what I could do. Some rosemary. There it is.”', 'You guys are great. Thank you. [Cheers and applause]', '♪♪', 'Come on, now! That’s insane. Sebastian Maniscalco! For more info, visit sebastianlive.com.', 'Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.', '']['Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! How’s it going, guys? Good? Let’s get started. Girls, okay, do you remember the first time you found out about blow jobs? Do you remember that day? It should be a different day than the first day you gave a blow job. I hope those were vastly different days for you. I hope you had a lot of time to process that information. I know I needed it. I was… The day I found out about blow jobs, it was a pivotal day of my life. It was… I remember the date actually, it was September 11th, 2001, and I don’t know what else happened that day. Devastated. I… couldn’t understand it. At first I go, “Blow job? Blow? Do you blow on it?” Remember that? Remember for a couple seconds you go, “Do you blow it? Uh!” You wish. You wish that’s all you had to do to it. Oh, that’d be a cakewalk. It’s much more invasive than that. Blowing on it! No, I didn’t… I couldn’t believe you have to like suck it. You have to like French a dick. I was like you… I thought I could, maybe like, mwah, like peck it, but you got to French it. All I knew about penises at this point in my life were that they’re these noodly things that hung between a guy’s legs, they pee from them, and you shouldn’t look at your cousin JD’s when you guys are getting changed to go swimming. Like, that’s all the information I had about penises. And now, one’s going to go in my mouth. Okay, I knew that sex was a thing, a penis would go in my vagina some day, but that was… It’s my vagina. Like, I don’t have tastebuds down there, or whatever… Like, stick whatever you want down there, I can’t taste it, okay? So, I was like, “Who cares about my vagina? But my mouth? That’s where candy goes. Like, I can’t believe you would put a dick there.” I was devastated. And you like… You kind of go, “Maybe I don’t have to do it, maybe it’s something that not every girl does.” And then you realize it’s kind of your destiny as a woman. Like, you’re gonna do it. You know when I realized you have to do it? Is when I found out it was one of the bases. ‘Cause I knew homeplate was sex, and if I ever wanted to have sex, ’cause I wanted to, I don’t know, make a family someday, I was gonna have to… You can’t skip a base, if you want kids you’re going to have to suck some dicks on the way to those kids. That’s the last thing my kids want me doing. Sex made sense ’cause it makes kids. What do blow jobs make, you know? And then you find out, careers. And it’s like, “Okay. I do want one of those. I would like to have one of those.” I got one. You accept it. You’re just like, “Okay, I’ll do that someday. Not today, but it’s going to happen. I…” I accepted it the same way I kind of accept death. I feel like, you know when you find out about dying and you’re like, “Oh, no. I don’t wanna die.” And it’s like, sorry you have to, you were born, so someday you have to suck a dick and die. Like, those are kind of like the touchstones of a woman’s life. You might get to vote and go to college somewhere in there, but then it’s back to sucking dicks and grave time.', 'And then more information about blow jobs trickles in. Like, okay, if you do a good job at it you’re rewarded at the end with a liquid substance. Hold on, before the liquid you will know it’s about to come because he’s going to turn into a demon for a couple seconds. Sorry. Yeah, that’s a key part of this whole thing. He’s going to shape-shift… No one warned me about that. I’m here to… If someone hasn’t had sex before, I’m here to tell you before he comes, about five seconds before he comes, he turns… Every man turns into Vincent D’Onofrio’s character in Men In Black. You know the… That’s every man is on his way to that. I don’t know. It’s just like a… Like a roach crawling out of your eye, just… It’s frightening. And you’re like, “The liquids, I didn’t know… I don’t know any liquids.” All I know about that comes out of a guy is pee at this point. I’m like, “Is it pee?” They’re like, “You wish. Oh God, again. So naive, ‘pee’.” It’s much more viscous than pee. It’s… Pee has the consistency of like a Gatorade, whereas semen, it’s more like a bum’s loogie, if… It’s what it is. I know it’s gross, but when you like… These are facts and… When you spell it out like that, aren’t you, girls, aren’t you just like… Like, we’re so strong. Like, we… can do anything. Yes. I can’t believe we do it. I couldn’t believe about that liquid. I was just like, “That is awful. Where does it come from?” And then you find out it comes from the sack that rests beneath the noodle, the grossest part of a guy’s body that’s covered in hair and every… The balls! It’s so gross. The liquid’s so gross, the male body has found a way to store it outside of the body, because it’s like, “I don’t want this in me, either.” It’s just a… Balls are just a crock pot for the liquid, that’s been on simmer all day. And then, it drains into your head. I just…', 'It just kept getting worse. What do you do with it? And that’s where you find out you get to exercise your right to choose as a woman. Thank God, finally. That’s… And that’s a right Congress will never take from us, ladies. Oh, they’ll try. They probably will, but… You have two choices, you can spit or you can swallow. Right, you got to register as one before November 9th. Just make sure you know what you’re gonna do. I knew what I was gonna do. I was registered as a spitter long before I ever got in that booth, you know what I’m saying? I knew I was gonna spit, because I knew about girls who spit and I knew about girls who swallowed. Girls who spit are grossed out by it, and they’re like… “Fuck off, gross.” And guys don’t appreciate it, but it’s far better than a girl who swallows, ’cause I knew girls that swallow… Oh, these sloven whores, they love it. It’s fuel for them. It’s how they survive. It’s the base of a slut’s food pyramid. It’s just a sturdy base of come. And so, I was like, “I’m not gonna be a slut. Like, I don’t wanna be that. So, when I give a blow job I’m totally gonna spit.”', 'So, I get in there, I give my first blow job and I swallowed immediately, ’cause I was like, “This is disgusting. Let’s get it down the hatch. Take it like a shot. Like, this… is clearly the most efficient way to dispose of this.” Immediately. I didn’t even have to think twice about it. I’ve never spit, and… Ever! If you spit, that means you have to hold it in your mouth as you like walk through his apartment and find the bathroom that he shares with his roommates, you run into them, they’re all watching Varsity Blues in the living room. You have to be like, “Hey guys, is anyone in there? Can I get in or…? Oh, so, Andrew’s in the shower. I’ll wait. It’s fine. I love this movie. What is… This is such a good movie, I forget. You forget how good it is. You’re quoting classic lines. I’m like, “I don’t want your life.” Like, and I can… It’s a better James Van Der Beek because of it. Okay, it’s one benefit of it. But you’re doing like a wine tasting, like you’re just… And don’t get it twisted, guys, a girl isn’t… She’s not swallowing ’cause she’s like, “Yummy cummy in my tummy.” No. I mean, sometimes. Turns out I’m a whore. Pretty big whore. But, it’s usually ’cause you’re just like, “This is the way to get it done.” Sometimes, if I think a load is gonna be really gross, I’m like, “Let’s deepthroat.” So it’s like a feeding tube, and I don’t have to touch it to my taste buds, so… Pro tip. You’re welcome.', 'Some girls love sucking dick. They like love it. And I’ve never understood it. I’m like, “What are you getting out of it?” And then I realize, it’s ’cause they’re good at it. That’s it. It’s as simple as that, truly. If you’re… If you love sucking dick, it’s ’cause you’re good at it. And if you don’t like it, if you’re like, “I hate blow jobs.” It’s ’cause you’re bad at it. It’s… You’re really bad at it. We like doing things we’re good at, and if you’re good at it you would do it all the time. If you’re just like, “It’s such a bore, it’s such a pain.” You suck at it and I’m one of you. I could have been good. All it would have taken was one guy to just like give me a compliment early on, you know. Someone to just like show me that I had a little promise or something. Just send me off in the right direction. We just want to be good. And… It’s early intervention is key. Like, I feel like true blowjob queens, girls that are like, “I love it.” It was like one of the first times they gave a blowjob, the guy was like, “You’re great,” and like believed in them. ‘Cause that’s what it takes. It takes one guy. One coach. One youth minister to lay the foundation for a girl. The first time, oh, you’re so nervous, and all you want is a guy to just take your chin and be like, “Hey, look up.” And you go, “What?” He’s like, “You’ve got spunk… in your hair, but like the way that you handled my balls is pretty cool. And I think you’re on to something.” Just anything. Little nudge. And that’s why I tell guys, lie to us. Tell us we’re good and we’ll blow you all the time. Honestly, like, you hook up with a girl and she blows you and it’s not very good, just lie and be like, “That was the best blow job ever.” ‘Cause she’ll just be like, “It was?” And then, she’ll like set off on a course to like be the best, and she’ll go out and she’ll be like, “I was good once.” You know? And I know you’re like, “Why would I encourage a bad blow job?” First of all, she’s going to blow you a bunch, ’cause this bitch has never heard she’s good. She’s going to be like, “This guy gets it.” And then, she’s going to blow you a bunch. And she’s going to get better with practice. She’s going to Malcolm Gladwell that shit, and you’re going to have an expert blowing you. Ten thousand hours later, you’ve got to work with her. It’s going to be several years. But she’ll get there. I mean, I don’t know. Just lie… Even if it’s so bad you can’t come. I swear to God, even if… You could be like, “That was so good I couldn’t come.” I’d be like, “I guess that’s a thing. I guess, cool, wow!” You could tell that to me tonight, and I just made it up, and I’d be like, “I guess that thing I made up is true, I don’t know.”', 'That’s how bad I want to be good. An innocuous compliment from a guy you like means everything. I don’t think you guys understand what power you wield, with just dumb compliments. I stand before you tonight, because I did stand-up comedy one time fifteen years ago on a whim, I was like, “I’ll try it,” and I was fine, but a hot guy after the show was like “You were great,” and I was like “I’ll do it forever, thank you.” I swear to God. It’s just… I just needed someone to believe in me, and then I look at the first time I gave a blow job, and I’m like, “What did that guy say?” And it was not… It actually was the same, he was like, “You should do comedy. I mean, I’m serious. This is so funny, what you think is good.”', 'So… I crave compliments. I love them so much. I was an ugly child. So, I like, I saw the people get them and I was like, “That looks fun to experience.” You know? I was diagnosed as an ugly child at… the age of 11, by a caricature artist at a Six Flags, and… I didn’t know until then. I really didn’t, you know, and then he turned that canvas around and my dad was like, “That’s great. Oh my God, it’s uncanny.” And my whole family was like, “Woah! Nik, it’s you.” I’m like, “Really? Okay, I didn’t know I had buck teeth and bushy eyebrows, a Founding Father haircut… a tiny bicycle.” But then, I knew. Listen, I kind of had an idea that I wasn’t that cute, you know. ‘Cause I had a really beautiful sister growing up. Never went through an awkward phase, she was just so stunning. She literally would stop traffic, when I pushed her in front of it. I tried to get her out of the way. And I’m the second prettiest sister and then there isn’t another one, but… So, I’ve got that, but…', 'People would stop my mom as a child and tell my mom that my sister should be a model, like right in front of me, and be like, “This child needs to be a model.” And they wouldn’t see me at first and then I’d emerge from behind my mom’s legs like Nosferatu, like, “What should I be?” Just like, desperate to be discovered or whatever. And they’re like, “You should be… you’re going to be a model train enthusiast, probably. I think you should start collecting soon, ’cause you’re gross.” And I was like, “Cool.” Whenever I see two kids and one’s cuter than the other, I always tell the mom, “Your kids are cute.” I make an emphasis on kids and then I wink, ’cause she knows. She’ll know. And you can get away with a pretty obvious wink, ’cause usually the ugly one has like a lazy eye situation, so they’ll miss it entirely, so you can be… But just don’t single out one child as cuter than the other, ’cause we don’t need more female comics. I can’t take the competition, and that’s how you make them.', 'As an ugly child, boys didn’t like me. I was okay with that at first. I was just like, “Good, like, I don’t want their dicks in my head, anyway, like this is perfect.” And then I hit puberty around like 22, and I was like… And at that time, guys started to take interest ’cause I had sort of blossomed into this like blackout drunk and… they wanted in. But the problem was, the second I thought that maybe I wasn’t so ugly up here, I realized I was ugly down here. I have a vagina that resembles a hastily packed suitcase. Yeah, okay. I know there are some bitches that are late for their flights tonight in here, too. I know you’re out there. I see you at the gym locker room. I spy on you. Yes, I do. There’s a lot of hermit crabs looking for new shells. Out and about. I know. I used to feel alone. I really did, ’cause you watch porn and you’re like, “Where’s my vagina?” That’s when I realized, I was like, “Shit… That’s not… None of these look like mine. I have a…” I felt like a young black girl watching Disney movies. I’m like, “Where’s one with me in it? Do you want to make one with me?” That would have been nice. “Oh, you made one with a mermaid before making one with me. Cool. That feels great.” But I truly… I didn’t know any other vaginas. And why would I? You don’t see vaginas growing up. You know? You don’t even see your mom’s. If you do, there’s a giant bush in front of it, so you don’t know what her lip action is. I had no idea. And now, mine has to be like out, you have to have like, here it is! No hair and everything’s out, and guys make fun of vaginas like ours. Don’t they, girls? We hear it. “Roast beef, five for $5. Cold cut combo.” I know they look like meaty sandwiches. I know. We get it, and it’s just like… Dead on, dude. It’s dead on! You nailed it. That’s what it looks like and it’s funny. It’s so funny, that’s what sucks. Sometimes, as a vegan, I offend myself sometimes. I’m like, “Meat is murder.” Every time I wipe. Throw paint on myself. It’s a whole process.', 'But I’m just tired of caring. It’s just… And I’ve gotten over most of my insecurities. I feel like pretty good, ’cause I’ve done a lot of work up here and a little right here and… Got something on the books for this next week, but… Little snip-a-rooney. Great clips, but I… I didn’t masturbate my whole life, almost. I didn’t start masturbating till I was 28, ’cause I quit Zoloft. Yeah, I was on Zoloft for like my whole adult life, and I had orgasms, but what I thought were orgasms turned out to be like okay sneezes compared. Oh my God, I had my first real orgasm off Zoloft and I was like, “Why is everyone not doing this all the time?” And so I started, all the time. I was chronically masturbating. Like, a 28-year-old woman behaving like an 11-year-old boy, truly. You know you hear these stories from guys that are like, “I did it till I bled. I didn’t know.” I did that. It was my period but it counts, and I still count it. I was… I couldn’t stop. I did it on a plane once and got caught, and… She saw me and I was just like, “I thought you could in first class.” And she’s like, “No… Also, you’re seated in coach and you just walked up here, so that doesn’t even make sense.” And I go, “I thought if I was beyond the curtain.” Masturbating now, I just am too exhausted by all of it, you know? I’ve too many toys. I got all the toys. As soon as I started masturbating I was like, “I gotta get that rabbit. I’ve heard about this thing for a while.” So, I go to PetSmart and I get that thing, and I returned it, you know? I was just like, “This thing bit my clit off!” Felt good for a second, then… a lot of blood, but… I got too many toys. And now, when I go to masturbate, I just look at all my toys in the bucket… With a bucket? What the fuck did I just say? I do not have a bucket. I don’t want you thinking I’m having a bucket of dildos. It’s literally a ripped Victoria’s Secret bag, that I keep in my closet. So, I got to the old dick bucket. I have so many toys, too many. And every time I go to masturbate I have to like look at all of them, and I always feel bad that I’m not using all of them. I have some sort of Toy Story guilt with it all. I’m just like, “Oh, Woody, you used to be my favorite. I’ll sit on you.” And I’ll just sit on that, and I’ll put Buzz up here, and then I got something inside me that I’m working like this, and I just… It’s too much going on. I always feel like a one-man band. Eventually, I’m just like… “Come on, join in, kids.” Like, I just feel like a town square fool. There should be a monkey on my shoulder with a tambourine like collecting coins from passers-by like that is… I feel like Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins. That is how I feel every single time I masturbate. It’s not hot. Ironically enough, Dick Van Dyke are the three words I type in to find every porn that I look at. So, I need all those elements to really get me there. My porn searches are disgusting. Oh, man, those got gross, fast. Listen, I know what I like. I like bondage. I’m into like getting tied up. I’m into watching girls getting tied up. I don’t… I’ll sell it to you, ladies, if you’re not into it, you’re about to be. Guess what? Bondage, forced laziness. You don’t have to do anything to him if you’re tied up. “Oh, I want to jerk you off, but my hands are tied. Let me out! No, I’m just kidding it’s fine, just leave it. What are you doing?” If there’s a ball gag in your mouth, no dick in your head. It’s just very comfortable. You make it look like a struggle, like, “Oh no! Oh!” But, it’s easy breezy, man. They blindfold you, oh my God. And you go, “Oh no! I can’t see you, how am I going to come?” Easily. Thank you for the assist. It’s so good. But bondage porn, it’s always like in a cellar with like dripping walls. Or like a warehouse, and she’s just like abandoned. It’s like, can’t she be comfortable? I don’t understand why there always has to be a guy with a welder’s mask and a purpose, like with a stick. Like, can’t it be nicer? But it can’t be, they’re always mean to her. And I’m just like, “Be nice!” Like, she’s invited all these dudes over. You guys… One of you showed up late, there’s nowhere for your dick to go now. And so… I hate that guy. He’s always just like, “Where do I go?” It’s just like, “Go fill the Brita, Tony. Why were you late? Like, do something useful. We’re all going to be very dehydrated after this.” But… no. Then Tony’s just like hitting his dick on her shoulder, as if that’s doing anything for either of them. And it’s just like, “Look inside yourself, Tony. Why were you late?” God! She’s not like a bison on the Great Plains. You don’t need to use every single part of her… to honor her.', "Gangbangs, like, I love gangbangs, but I’m just looking for like a respectful gangbang. Like, why not just a nice… Be nice to her. A respectful gangbang, that would just be a girl tied up, and guys doing lots of things to her down here, and then up here guys just brushing her hair and telling her she’s strong. Respectful. It’s all I want. You know what’s frustrating about masturbating when you’re a woman, is that you can’t really fuck yourself, you know? Like, you can do clit stuff or whatever, but truly, having been penetrated, it’s hard to do to yourself. Like, this is… And it is hard to come from that if you’re like doing a CrossFit sequence, as you’re like getting tennis elbow. I mean, it’s a lot of work and I always give up. And I’m just like, “This is too hard.” And that’s why I get so jealous of guys, ‘cause I’m like, “Jerking off is so easy for guys.” It’s just this… That’s so… That’s literally… That’s what you do when you think… When you say something’s easy. You’re just like, “we’ll fucking bang it out and go to Chipotle, man. I’ll just… Just get the reports done, and we’ll go to the game.” Like, that’s how easy that is. Uh, I’m jealous. ‘Cause I like a dick in me, I’m sorry. I like getting stuffed. I do. It feels good and I’m not going to apologize for it. I just like… But the problem is, and people are like, “Oh, then why don’t you just go have sex, Nikki. If you want to catch a dicking, go out and get one.” It’s like, I would and I used to when I drank, but if you’re sober you can’t just have casual sex. I don’t know if anyone here has had casual sex sober, but like, how did you do that? Having casual sex sober, it’s really… It’s a lot more intimate. It turns into an episode of Dawson’s Creek for some reason. A Counting Crows song starts playing. I’m just like, “What’s happening?” It’s like, “Round here.” I’m just like, “Where is that coming from?” This has meaning, when it shouldn’t. Sometimes you don’t want sex to mean anything, and you just want to like bang it out and live your life, but you can’t when you’re sober. When I drank, oh, that’s all I did. If I wanted to like, get dicked out, I’d just like… None of this sounds real good. If I wanted to get… I wanted to say I had had sex, but I didn’t want to experience it, and that’s what would be perfect. I would just be like “I feel like getting fucked.” And so, I would just blackout drink, hone in on a guy and then like kind of Cosby myself into this situation where… I would bepenetrated that night by a comedian, and not remember any of it. I’d wake up in the morning, I wouldn’t even know what I had done. And sometimes I’m like, “Oh dear, is that…? Did I do anal or is that bronzer?” Like, I would try and figure it out, you know those mornings? Where you’re like, “Did I have sex? I don’t know. I should know that.” I’d figure it out if the sheet was stuck inside me. I’d be like, “Okay, I probably had sex.” That’s a classic post-sex old Glase-dog move. I always do a tuck, right. ‘Cause I don’t like to go to bed with a soggy vag, so I just like tuck it up. I don’t want to be sloshing around all night. And so, I tuck and release, and I don’t get yeast infections, girls. Like, it’s a good plan if you don’t want to get a yeasty, just tuck and release, but sometimes you’re drunk and the tuck feels so good, and you just leave it, and then it dries overnight, and you gotta peel it off like a Bioré Strip in the morning, and that’s… It hurts. You leave behind a paper mache stalagmite on his duvet. It’s not a nice way to be remembered. Trying to flatten it when he’s in the bathroom. I’m just like, “Go away. Out, damn spot.” There are embarrassing moments like that, but like, you know, most of the time having drunk sex, it made it just a lot easier to just, to get it, you know? And sometimes when I’m sober, I got with a guy and I’m like, “God, I’d love to feel that way again.” So, I’ll just like take out one contact lens just to feel a little off. Just to be like, “Maybe I’ll make some mistakes and…” It takes a lot now, for me to want to have sex with a guy and it’s because sober sex, it’s risky, right? Your body, as a woman, when there’s a penis in you, and you’re sober for it, it like thinks you’re making a baby with the guy, so it like shoots off all these chemicals, that are just like… “Remember him.” You know? “Hold on to him. Wait for him. He’s going to provide for you.” And I just want to tell my dumb cavewoman brain, like, “I’m gonna do everything in my power to not get pregnant right now. I hope you know that, and by that I mean the pull-out method. Like, that’s the best I can give you, body.” And it works. It’s worked for me most the time. I’m probably barren, that’s what I’ve determined. Like, it’s not supposed to work. I’ve had one pregnancy scare. It was double scary. It was in a haunted house and I… I was alarmed. Yeah. A woman like jumped out in a bloody sheet and I was like, “I haven’t seen those in a while.” And it reminded me that I hadn’t ruined a sheet set that I love in over a month. So, I was like, “Oh, I should…” When you use the pull-out method, you sometimes need to supplement with the morning after pill, which I’ve taken a handful of times and… No, I took a handful one time, I’m sorry. And… It’s different. No, the morning after pill, let me just tell you though, you can take it up to 72 hours. I don’t think… that’s not in the name, the Morning After. They need to change the name, ’cause sometimes you have sex in the morning and you’re like, “Okay, I’ve got to wait till tomorrow morning, I guess, to take it.” And then you forget and you start a family, so… It’s three days. You have three days, and I’m trying to get it changed to the Long Weekend After the Holidays… The Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday Weekend After Pill. I think that’s… Gives you an idea of the chunk of time you have. And I’m getting a lot of pushback from his foundation, but… But you have three days, and I’ve used them all before, and it’s not ’cause I’m like, “Oh, I’m lazy.” It’s ’cause I’m just waiting till I need to get toilet paper, too. I’m like, “I’ll kill two birds or three, twins run in my family. I don’t really know how this thing works, but…” I am willing to take it, especially if the guy asks. Have you ever had the guy ask you to do it? I’ll always… I’ll do it, especially if he pays. And I’m like, “Yeah, if you give me fifty bucks.” And he does, and you go to Sephora and you pray. And that works. It might cost you a little on the back end, but what other excuse do you have to spend $49 on an eyeliner, so… Isn’t it funny when they ask you to take the morning after? I’m always just like, “Oh my God. Yeah, I’ll take it. It’s so cute that you think that I want your baby. Like, it’s so funny that… Dude, I would abort your child so soon, like you don’t even… I wouldn’t even call you, it’s so… Oh my God, huh.” I wouldn’t think twice, I’d just go to a clinic and be like, “Hey, I slept with a guy who wears tank tops that say ‘rise and grind.'” And they’d be like, “In and out, ma’am. Let’s get her in. Let’s go. Well… We need all hands on deck for this one. It’s going to be on the house for this lady.” Alabama would allow that one. That’s the one caveat they have. Only in cases of tank tops with motivational words on them. “Oh, he raped you. Never mind, you have to keep it.” I know, sorry, isn’t the truth weird? It’s so weird. But this is the problem… Is I was sleeping with tank toppy guys a lot of times… last year. ‘Cause I came up with a strategy. I kept sleeping with guys I liked, ’cause I liked them, and then I would fall for them, and I was like, “This is a pain in the ass.” ‘Cause they don’t text you back and it’s just like, uh, it’s annoying. I’m just tired of screenshotting conversations between men who will never love me and myself, and sending them to my friends to be like, “What’s he thinking?” And they’re like, “Nothing. It’s all blue, Nik. Get a hold of yourself. None of these are delivered, we kind of think he blocked you, so…” And so, I came up with a plan. I was like, “Oh, I’ll only have sex with guys who I would never want to love” Right, then I’ll never like want them to be my boyfriend. So, I pick a guy with like a necklace, right, like a dangly outer necklace. Not an inside one, ’cause you can’t ever predict those. Girls, we’ve all slept with guys with necklaces, where we didn’t know it was there until we got naked with them, and then you see it and you’re like, “Okay… I feel like I wouldn’t be doing this right now if I knew that was there. I really feel a little bit hoodwinked by you at this moment, but… our shirts are off, so… I’ve got to at least blow you or something. Great. Them’s the rules.” So, I go after a guy with like an active necklace and… Which is good, though, because during the sex it’s like hanging over you, like swaying back and forth as a reminder… that he’s not to be loved… and/or respected, right? It’s right there. And you feel good. And they always have a dumb reason for their necklace, too. It infuriates me. “It’s my grandfather’s dog tags. Hold it close.” I’m just like, “Okay, good, at least the spirit of a real man will be hovering over me tonight.” That’s a plus, I guess. Someone who actually fought for something other than a parking spot at GameStop. So, I slept with a necklace guy, and I feel good. The next day, I would feel good. I would have like a little whore’s skip in my step. Like, “I just banged, and I don’t even care if I hear from him. Like, I’m a Samantha. We do exist, right” And then I’m in line at Starbucks, and I’m just like waiting, and I let my thoughts go, I don’t know, three thoughts too far, and I’m just like… “I love his necklace. Like I… love necklaces, and I love him for wearing that stupid necklace. Like, I made fun of him for that necklace, and I think it’s the worst thing about him, I think it might be the best thing about him, because like his necklace… I made fun of reasons for necklaces, but his is actually good, like he went to Aéropostale, it was on sale and he liked it. So, like… That’s a legit good reason. Oh my God, I wonder where I’m going to store my necklace when I move in with him? Like, I wonder where… If he has like a necklace tree. Oh my God, I bet when he’s ready for me to move in with him, he’ll like clean a branch off the necklace tree. And we’ll be in bed on like a Sunday morning, and he’ll be like, ‘Go check the necklace tree.’ I’m going to be like, ‘Why? We’re in bed. I wanna cuddle.’ He’s like, ‘Just go check the tree.’ And I’m like… ‘You’re being weird.’ And then I go and there’s like a ring on one of the branches. It’s like… ‘Oh my God, I can’t believe I’m moving to Fort Worth, like, this is insane.'” And then, I’m done. And then, I’m in love with a guy who’s not going to text me back, ’cause he knew the rules, and it’s just like… It’s not worth my time anymore, so I’ve just… No more penises in me. That’s my new rule. No more. And it sucks ’cause sex, now that that’s off the table, man, what do I have? That was the one thing I was good at. If I would hook up with the guy, I would go right from making out, and I’d be like, “Let’s fuck.” And it wasn’t cause I like, “Loved a dick in me.” I’m just like, “This is the easiest thing to do.” And I’m good at it. I like doing things I’m good at. Girls like doing things they’re good at. I am great at getting fucked. I just am, and I know that’s braggy, but I was just born with the ability to kick back and have a hole, like, I just like… lean into it. And as a whole, I think… As a whole as a hole, I think it is by far our best option to get you off, is having sex. It’s the easiest. I never understand when girls are like, “No, I didn’t have sex with him. We did everything except sex.” I’m like, “Are you exhausted? Why would you do all the hard stuff? What’s in it for you?” Sex at least, like, if you have sex it’s going to feel good. You could come, you know? You won’t, probably, like most of the time you don’t, but it’s like on the table, right? Our options to get you off, just are like… They’re not great, and we have to get you off. We do, right, girls? You have to get a guy off, ’cause we all learned about blue balls, right? I grew up in a generation of women who went through a course similar to the DARE program about blue balls, in which we learned that it is our duty to get you off, if you think you’re going to get off, you know? If you make a guy hard, it’s… You have to see it through or you’re like a selfish cunt. Like, you… Why did you make him hard then, if you didn’t want to make him come? So, do it, you know? If you build it, he must come. You know the rules. Finish what you started. Clean Plate Club You get all these… Like, “I will.” And I certainly will, because blue balls is a pain. It’s a severe pain that I could inflict on a man by not blowing him. That’s so mean. And the pain, apparently, girls, we can’t even understand it. We can’t. Physiologically our bodies are not made to understand that kind of pain, but I can guess the closest we can get is like maybe a spinal fracture, or like a gunshot wound. That’s kind of in that range. So you go, “Oh my God, I don’t want to make this guy feel that pain.” This guy that I don’t really even like that much. So, you blow him or you fuck him, ’cause you’re like, “I don’t want you to be in pain. Here’s the antidote.” And then you find out it’s not a pain and that’s a bunch of bullshit. It’s not a pain. It’s a feeling, for sure. It’s a feeling, and I will validate that. It is just like a… “I want to. Please, but I want to! Mom! It’s not fair! He got to come!” That’s it. That’s the feeling. I know, and you can’t act that way either, ’cause you’re a man, you know, or at least you’re dressed like one, so… You have to like bottle up that intense anger, and it must be annoying, and I get it, I’ve felt that way. I’ve not come before, like almost exclusively, so I understand… cranky clit or whatever it is to me. I felt that frustration and it sucks. And you feel it as a girl, if you don’t make a guy come, and you give him blue balls or whatever that is, you feel it the next day. Girls, you ever spend the night in a bed with a guy and not touch his dick? The next morning, the energy will have shifted in the room. There’s just a palpable anger, that even he is not aware of, but he’s tying his shoes kind of loud and you’re like, “Ah! Yikes!” He will have brought you to his place in an Uber black, but then you’re going home in a Lyft Share. I mean, things have taken a turn. So, you just make guys come. Like you’re just like, “I’ll make him come, ’cause I just don’t want to hurt him. I don’t want them to be mad at me. I don’t want them to feel bad or sad, so I’ll just fucking… Here, take a come. You can have a come.” I was doling out comes all through my twenties. Gave away so many comes, and then I came up with a way to like stop giving out comes, which is I just wouldn’t touch their penises. ‘Cause if you don’t touch their penis then you don’t have to do anything about it. That’s a trick I learned, it’s like, if you touch their hard dick, it’s like inviting a vampire in your house, like you’re obligated to then do something about it, or whatever that rule is. But you can avoid touching their dick. At the end of a date, I always keep my hands up here, ’cause I’m just trying to figure out if I want to touch their dick or not. But I’m just keeping them up here and kind of keeping my space. ‘Cause I haven’t decided, maybe I do want to touch your dick. I don’t know yet. I’m trying to figure it out. I probably… It’s always between, “Oh, do I go home with him or go home and eat?” Like, that’s usually kind of the battle in a woman’s mind. Especially me, like, if I’m nervous about a date, I usually haven’t like eaten enough that day, ’cause I’m scared we’re gonna have sex and I don’t wanna fart during it, so I’ve like just been like… So, I’m starving at this point and I’m just like, “I’m just going to go home.” But sometimes, they like… They get frustrated and they’re like, “Maybe she doesn’t know I’m hard.” I think that sometimes you guys are like, “Maybe she doesn’t know.” So, they’ll take your hand and kind of Helen Keller you, “Hey, I’m hard right…” And you’re like, “Oh, thank you, papa.” Like, I just… I don’t know why ‘papa’. That doesn’t fit either scenario, but we had fun. But then you touch it, and I do like a hot stove now, I’m like, “I didn’t touch it, so I don’t have to do anything.” Cause if you don’t touch, you can just kind of go, “Goodnight.” And like, float away on a toadstool, and like, go home and eat in bed. And then… But then, if you touch it, you have to… You either have to do something to it, or you have to tell him that you don’t want to do anything with it at this point, right? And you’re just like, “I just don’t like you enough now, or I’m not comfortable.” It’s like a hard conversation to kind of have and sometimes… I’m better at sucking dick than I am at sharing my true feelings. And so, I blow a guy to avoid telling him the truth. I’ve done it so many times. But… I just… For me to make you come now, I just like… If I’m not having sex, that used to be my go-to. Now, I’m like, “I have to blow you?” And I’m still not confident in my blow jobs and I was… I’m trying to get better, but recently I gave one, and 90 seconds in, the same thing happened that always happens, the guy just kind of held my head steady and decided to fuck it himself, you know? Kind of took over and and treated my head like a bird house. That’s how I got through it, is pretending I’m a birdhouse. I just… I have no rhythm. I have no natural rhythm. And so, I actually was like, “Thank you, take the wheel. I don’t know what you want.” I just don’t have a good sense of rhythm. I may be able to show you a good time, if you’ve like a metronome on your nightstand, but it’s just not…", 'Most girls do not like when you grab their head and just hold it and fuck it, but I truly appreciate the gesture and… ‘Cause then I can focus on what I’m actually good at, which is going to be surviving this blow job, because my breathing is now up to you, good sir. ‘Cause you don’t seem to understand that I can’t breathe when your dick is in my head. So, I hope you let me get a couple gasps in here and there. I always feel like I’m lost at sea when I’m sucking dick, and I’m just like emerging like, “Coast guard!” And just getting sucked back under. I’ve got to time them perfectly. And I’m good at breathing during blow jobs, ’cause I didn’t know guys didn’t know we couldn’t breathe, but we can’t breathe when your dick is in our head. I have to get it through to you. I know you think we can, because of our nose. You’re like, “Your nostrils don’t have dicks in them.” Like, clearly it’s an open passage. It’s the only way to shut off a girl’s breathing. Let me tell you that it’s from within. I don’t know what’s happening, but when the dick’s your head, you can’t breathe through your nose. You can’t… It’s like an inside job. You can’t… I can’t explain, but it’s all getting clogged. It doesn’t take a big dick. It doesn’t take deepthroat. It’s just all… And it’s rarely deepthroat by the way. I just want to just briefly tell you that when you think… I don’t know… Sometime you just go, “Take it.” You know, you jam it and it’s not like drain snaking its way gently down our esophagus like… Like a boomerang of a lady going down a waterslide. Like, “Oh, so fun. Easy does it.” No, it’s jamming into the back… It’s crumpling into our soft palate. I’m like, “Does he know this is a cul-de-sac? Like, there’s no way through.” Drive like your kids live here, like, take it slow, dude. He’s punching in the… Ramming the back of your head. It hurts. It feels like you’re trying to punch through like a game on The Price is Right. It’s so aggressive and it hurts. It really does hurt. And I don’t know if you guys can’t tell ’cause you can’t see, but start to look, you’ll be able to tell just by just… It’s a little thing we do, like, the tears streaming down our face. Thick tears, just like an elephant who lost a friend. Like those, just kind of like… That could be an indication. I couldn’t be… I guess I wouldn’t have known that, you know, you can’t breath if a dick’s in your head, had I not been on the receiving end. I don’t know, maybe I wouldn’t have, but I’m here to tell you we can’t. And I found out guys didn’t know that we couldn’t breathe from watching a porn. Not even from my own experience. I saw this guy, and he was using this girl’s head as a fleshlight, pretty aggressively. And he did the thing where he was like, “Take it all.” And he… ‘Cause he was mad at his Mom. Clearly, it was something to do with her. She didn’t pick him up from school a couple times and she said she was going to make an effort to do so, and she was late and it was embarrassing, and so, he’s taking it out on Savannah, and she had nothing to do with it. I mean, it was in the 80s, well before she was born and so… So he’s… “Take it, bitch.” And he’s holding her there for a while, and I was holding my breath with her, ’cause I was like, “I got you, girl. I know you can’t breathe. Solidarity. Neighborhood Watch. Like, I am on it.” So, I’m watching… and it’s about a minute in and I’m like, “This girl’s a pro. This is incredible. She must deep sea dive or some shit like that. This is awesome.” And then, I saw him see her struggle. And he goes, “Oh, you think that’s bad? What about now?” And he plugged her nose to be like, “Take it to the next level.” I’m like, “This fucking idiot.” First of all, that is the most worthless, like, “What about now?” He should have been like, “What about now?” And added like a fun Mardi Gras mask flourish, that would have been a more interesting challenge. Than this, which you’re already doing. So I was like, “Oh my God, if this guy thinks she can’t breathe now.” Like, I’m about to watch her die, you know? So I came really hard, and I go back to it and I check in on her and I go… She survived. I’m happy to tell you she lived. ‘Cause she knew, and she’s smart, and she did her safe word to get out of that, which worked out before which is… And it’s so…', 'It’s the correct pronunciation. I don’t know how to spell it, but it is… I think it’s Yiddish, but it’s… That’s like a hot sound now, isn’t that weird? Porn has made that like a sex sound. It used to… Porn sounds used to be like… And now they’re… It’s that pervasive in porn. It’s wild. I guarantee you there are at least 14 dudes in here with blood rushing to your dicks right now. Just based on Pavlov’s dick response, of just like… “Is a girl getting choked by a dick somewhere? What’s happening?” And I know you feel bad about it. It feels weird to be turned on by that, but it’s okay, you just watch too much porn, it’s fine. It’s like, it’s not gonna be fine when a woman is actually choking at a restaurant where you’re… dining with your wife. And a woman’s at the next table like… Your wife is like, “You know Heimlich. Give it to her.” And you’re like, “I can’t, I have a boner, and I don’t want to put it in her back as I save her life, so I’d rather she just like die.” So, that’ll be weird, but until then… It’s just all these things. I’m willing to do all of this, by the way. So happy to do it. I like when guys come. It’s like, it makes me feel good when they come. I’m not… I never want to be a comedian who’s up here like, “Fucking men.” You know? I would love to be up here fucking men, that’s a different thing. That’s a… It’s a show I aspire to put on for you someday, but… Building towards that. But I just… I am willing to do all this stuff. It’s like… And I want you to come, and… ‘Cause, girls, we like when guys come. We really do. Like, it means we can get on our phones sooner, so it’s like… “Oh, good. He did that, and back on Instagram.” But I just can’t give away any more comes. I just can’t anymore. I’m 35, and I just… I don’t know, if I… I think I just know my worth more. I have value, and like for me to suck your dick, like it’s… It’s like a thousand bucks. Like, I don’t know, like you can Venmo me, or we’ll… Hooking up now is just… It’s very complicated for me, because I’m just plagued by this obligation to get you off, that I can’t even enjoy what you do to me anymore, ’cause I’m like, “What am I going to do to him.” You know? I get fingered and I’m just like, “What am I going to be willing to take after this?” It’s like when you’re in grade school and you give your friends… You’re like, “Let’s massage each other” And you’re doing back rubs. The whole time, I’m like, “I can’t even like this, ’cause I’ve got to rub this bitch next, like…” That’s what it feels like, hooking up with you. Every single one of you. And so, I think I’ve figured something out. The best hook up scenario I can imagine, and I think you guys will like this, too, is that I get fingered to completion, and then I get out of the Uber. And I feel like that… I’ll tip you. I’ll throw a tip on there the next time I pull up the app. I know how to do it. Please. I would love that to be a part of the Uber app, Uber finger. It just… It’s like you pay more, you pay double, ’cause it’s like, it’s a two-man operation. We can’t have our drivers fingering the passengers. So, there’s a guy in the back seat, it’s not even a guy, it’s maybe a girl. You don’t know, he’s wearing a mask. They don’t… They’re not allowed to talk to you. He’s maybe dressed like a minion. It’s a tie-in with Sony for a promotional stunt. I don’t know… We’re still working out the kinks. It’s in beta, but… Yeah, it’s a two-man op. It has to be a two-man op, you’re going to pay extra until there’s self-driving cars, right, and then… As soon as there are self-fingering cars, I mean, you’ll never hear from me again. Truly… I’ll be gone. I’d be a real road dog after that.', 'It does take a lot for me to want to do anything to a guy now, ’cause I just can’t, you know? And I would. I would love to, just, I need… And I bristle at even saying this word, but I need more foreplay. And I hate saying that, I never wanted to be a female comic who said, “More foreplay. We need more foreplay.” I like… I looked at sitcoms in the 90s. I saw housewives on those shows be like, “Well, if he had more foreplay.” I just heard foreplay and I’m like, “You should never ask for more foreplay, guys hate it.” Because I hear audience members go like, “Boo, foreplay!” And the dudes would be like… And then the girls would be like, “Tee-he, we relate.” And then they’d get beat on the car ride home, so I was like, “Okay, I’m never going to demand foreplay.” I’d never had sex, but I’m like, “This foreplay thing, I’m going to let it slide. I don’t give a shit. Stick it in dry. Pay me $0.80 on the dollar. I should just be happy this guy wants to stick his dick in my ugly head.” I truly believed that. I was like, “I’m never gonna complain about foreplay.” And then I started hooking up and I’m like, “We need more foreplay.” Hand me a fucking blazer with shoulder pads in it, and give me some high-waisted jeans, frizz-out my hair, ’cause we need more foreplay. Like, I just… I’m with those 90s bitches now. You didn’t listen. I don’t understand what to tell you. I have been fingered when I’m dry so many times this year, it is truly an act of terrorism. I am so sick of it. You should not ever finger a dry vagina. Ever! It should never happen. When you get fingered, when you’re dry, as a woman, it’s the same as if we took your limp dick, and we were just like, “Come on.” We would never do that to you. I don’t even look at a limp dick. Like, I wouldn’t touch one. I don’t look at one, ’cause I know you’re not proud of it. So, I’m like, “I won’t look at it until he’s ready for me to see it, and to meet it, okay.” So… I treat it like your wedding dress. I’m just like, “I’ll let him show it to me when he’s ready, for good luck or whatever the hell.” I never look at a limp dick, and I’m dying to play with a limp dick. I would love it. But I don’t even let myself. I don’t get to, because I respect your boundaries. But if I could, oh, I’d do this, and I’d stretch it. You can stretch it and it does… They don’t care, until they wake up and they’re like, “Hey, will you cut it out?” It’s so fun. They’re so fun. Oh my God. But I’m serious, guys, like you got to cut it out with the dry fingering. It’s truly… It’s devastating. It sucks. And I’ve tried different ways to avoid getting fingered while dry. That’s why my pants keep getting higher and higher, as I’m building in more track time for me, when you’re on your way down, to make myself wet. I’m just like, “Get wet. Get wet for the summer. Get wet.” And I never do, you always get down there, and then I hear a squeak, and I’m like, “Fuck, he thinks I’m menopausal.” I’ve gone as far as like, if I know a guy is going to be worthless, I’ll finger myself on the cab ride to dinner with him. Just to get a nice sheen going before we break bread. I don’t trust you anymore. Yeah, sometimes, guys when they spit on you, it’s like almost insulting, because sometimes I work so hard to get myself wet, and I want to like show it off, and sometimes guys will… Like, just do that and I’m like, “Umm…” Don’t salt your food before you try it. Like can you at least like… Respect the chef, like, I… Oh God.', 'I asked my friend the other day, I’m like, “What do you do for foreplay when you hook up with a girl?” And he’s like, “I don’t know, I really like fucking on the couch. I think that’s pretty cool.” Okay. That’s what they think. They think as long as it’s out of the bedroom, that counts. Fully penetrating a woman on a couch. Foreplay. No, foreplay is… It’s simple. It’s kissing. It’s compliments. It’s going to therapy. It’s just… Work on yourself. Whisper in my ear that you’re ready to address your anger with your dad, and I’ll fucking… You’ll get an alert on your phone about a flash flood, I’ll get wet so fast. “Evacuate caves!” Like I… I can get wet. I just… Dry humping. Man, I get turned on just thinking about dry humping. I could ride a knee into the goddamn sunset. Give me a knee. A knee clad in denim and I can just get up on it. Like Don Quixote up in this bitch. I love dry humping. I want to invent a move called The Reverse Santa, where a girl just… You get… They face you sitting down, you get on their knee. You grind it out. You tell them what you want for Christmas. They call you a good girl, and then you take a picture. And that’s… Coming to a mall near you this holiday season. That’s what I want. Just do stuff to us that isn’t our vagina. Like just keep it dry before it’s wet. I think dry humping’s great. We all are wearing jeans now, like this, that have like a seam… Right where the seams meet there’s like a bump. It’s called a clit nobbin. That’s the name that Levi Strauss gave it in his blueprints for the original 501s. But that’s good, you use that and just… That’s a huge bump there. He put it a little low, ’cause every guy thinks your clit is like where your hole is. Just like, “Oh, he thought it was where the hole is.” So, you’ve got to hike it up, but.. And it is hard to locate a clit. I don’t mean to like judge a guy for not knowing. Sometimes I look down there, “I don’t know where the fuck that thing is hiding today.” Keep a little post it on it now, it’s easy to locate but… You got to be sucking clit. Do you guys know about that? Clit stuff’s important, and sucking clit is where it’s at. I didn’t know anything about sucking clit. I would have done the same thing that you guys do when you go down on us. If I went down on a girl I would have done the same style. I would just rub my face in it until I hit something, like, that’s good. I like that. Keep that. I do enjoy it. It’s like when I play video games, I like press all the buttons and I win. I’m just like, just same logic. However, you got to be sucking clit. Let me tell you about this. I didn’t even know about sucking clit until I got sent a toy that did it for me. This woman had heard me talk a lot about how I… For me to have an orgasm, I need like a lot of pressure, peer. And so… She’s like, “You need the Womanizer.” And I was like, “Yeah, I’ve been trying to slide into John Mayer’s DMs for a while now.” And I was like, “He writes, LOL and then he just kind of peters off.” And she’s like, “No, I’m talking about a tool.” And I was like, “Yeah, so am I, but I guess he’s… I like some of his songs and…” So… we had a little back and forth, a little who’s on first. And then she sent me this toy and it blew my mind, because you put it over your clit and it sucks your clit. It has three settings, it’s low, medium, squirt and then it… I swear to you, you can squirt. I didn’t think I could and now I know I can do anything. Like… We can do anything. I never could squirt and I wanted to, ’cause I think it’s such a cool power move. Like, just to just dump a quart of water on a guy’s bed and be like, “Peace.” And just like, “Catch you on the flip, dude.” Like… Nothing cooler than that to me. No, it’s like sucking clit makes sense, dude, it really does. Because clits and penises are pretty much the same thing, like the same nerve endings. So, what you really need to treat it like, is like go down on a girl and suck her clit like you would a tiny version of your penis, okay? I know that feels weird to say and to even do, but I swear to God, if you go down there and you just treat her clit like you would your tiny little penis, and you suck that tiny little penis… you’re gay. You’re so gay! That’s the gayest shit I ever heard. Why would you do that? Dude. No, it’s fucking great. Do it. Please, do it. That’s the best. So, when you… So, next time you go down on a girl, I’m not kidding you, find her clit and you latch onto that thing like a barnacle on an old boat. I swear to you. Just latch on and don’t let go until the captain sprays you off. ‘Cause she’s gonna. Oh, she’s gonna. And then, you swallow. No, don’t do that. You’ll drown. That would be cool. And I’m like, “Take it all.” He’s like… Is that feminism? I think I just stumbled upon feminism.', 'Thank you guys very much. You’re fucking rad. Thank you for… Thank you so much for coming. Thank you for being here. I love you. Thank you for watching at home. Thank you. Good night. Subtitle by Matheus Modesto Perfect.', 'Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.', '']['And finally new rule: white liberals have to start listening to me when I tell them “you can’t be more offended than the victim.” It happened again last week when presidential contender Andrew Yang faced criticism because he said that SNL should not have fired comedian Shane Gillis of a racist comments Gillis made about Asians. That’s when the internet did what it does best and deemed Yang a racist for not being offended. Because if he wasn’t offended… well someone had to be.', 'There was a study done last year where people were asked to rate their feelings about various races and white liberals were the only group that has a bias against themselves. They want to hang out only with people who are not them. That’s like your mother preferring the neighbors kids. There is a weird self-loathing going on among white liberals and it’s not helping anyone. Lifting up those who society has cheated or forsaken, that’s liberalism. Hating all things white is just tedious virtue signaling. You look like Justin Timberlake in Bad Teacher.', '[Clip from the movie Bad Teacher]\nJustin Timberlake : I hate slavery so so much.\nCameron Diaz: Slavery is the worst.\nJustin Timberlake : If I could go back in time and undo slavery, I would. I hate it.', 'The answer to mass incarceration is to stop putting undeserving blacks in prison, not to put more white people in Twitter jail.', 'Every thought needs a disclaimer now. The other day I heard a guy saying “I realized I’m only speaking as a white male and I acknowledge our tragic history of oppression… but you left your lights on.”', 'Look, white privilege is real, and yes you have some advantages for being white. But you also have some disadvantages: many of you were born with a terrible personality.', '[The camera pauses on Noah Rothman]', '[Applause]', 'That’s not. I didn’t ask that’s. I’ll fire the director.', 'But you don’t need to advertise it. What’s with the I’m embarrassed to be white sub-genre on the Internet?', '“I’m finding myself constantly embarrassed to be white…”', '“I’m watching Tall Girl and I’ve never been so embarrassed to be white”', '“rt if you’re embarrassed to be white.”', 'Jesus…', 'Rosanna Arquette tweeted “I’m sorry I was born white and privileged. It disgusts me. And I feel so much shame.” Exactly. Do you think it’s hard being a black man in a white man’s world? Try being a white woman who feels bad about you being a black man in the white man’s world.', 'Look, none of us chose to be born white — not even Ed Sheeran. So just stop, because you know what might be the worst part of white shame? You bore the fuck out of black people at parties. You meet black people and say things like “Black Panther was so meaningful to me.” No it wasn’t, it wasn’t a cultural milestone for you. I have taken an informal sampling among some black folks I know and the consensus seems to be: awareness, yes, is great. White people certainly should acknowledge they’ve had it easier go of it. But black folks are not asking white’s to always be flagellating themselves, because it makes everything awkward, all right? It puts the burden on black people to absolve YOU. It’s really asking black people to again do something for YOU: forgive ME, absolve ME, recognize that I’m one of the good white people. Jesus, haven’t black people suffered enough? Slavery, Jim Crow… and now I got to make some yuppie feel better about himself? As a black friend of mine said—and I quote—”I’m doing I, I don’t need your pity.”', 'Here’s my question: how many white liberals would pay actual reparations? Real money taken out of your paycheck every week. If you really feel this bad about the whole race thing, if being white is really this toxic for society, let’s tax it. Let’s tax whiteness. A Honky Tax. Will do it like carbon offsets: will calculate your exact level of white lameness and then charge you a Caucasian offset fee based on a mean percentage of household income indexed to the net not gross national product an average with the Consumer Price Index. We will come up with just the right dollar figure to offset the exact amount of you being a fucking loser. A lame white loser. Now, pay up you fucking white piece of shit. You fucking worm. I mean, that’s what you want to hear, isn’t it? Isn’t it maggot you fuck? You want to be told what a disgusting piece of white shit you are, you white piece of shit?', 'Look, in conclusion, I just want to say America has done a lot of good things and a lot of bad ones. And the number one bad one with no close second is racism. It’s a sorry history and we’re not done with it. And yet black and white increasingly intermingle. We get to the finish line on race by just being with each other more. We don’t need awkward. We need laughing with each other, finding out what’s good about each other, befriending, intermarrying, enjoying somebody’s company without thinking every minute “I’m with a person of color.” You’re with a person. And you are not uncool just because you’re white and it is not a crime to know all the words to Sweet Caroline.', 'I think that’s Honkey Tax. Thanks for the transcription. Of the greatest rant ever.', 'Thanks for pointing that out. Honky can also be spelled honkie or sometimes honkey so we are both right!', 'Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.', '']['The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon', '[Cheers and applause]', 'That’s very nice. Thank you.', 'Someone said to me, “You look young from far away.” [Light laughter] And I think it might be the worst compliment I’ve ever heard… [Laughter] …in my life. It has a real M. Night Shyamalan twist at the end, doesn’t it? [Light laughter] “You look young.” “Yeah?” “From far away.” “Wow! I did not see that coming.” [Laughter] You are mean from up close is what you are. [Laughter] I… I don’t like you from this distance. I’m trying to stay young, you know, and move. We don’t move enough. Isn’t that a weird modern-day health concern? But it’s true. Do you ever sit sedentary for 36 hours and just go, “Boy, I don’t feel well right now.” [Laughter] I think it’s going to baffle historians. “What happened to these people?” “They just stopped. We’re not sure.” [Laughter] “They kind of slowly coalesced into a gel, and that was it for them. We have evidence that they were actually counting their individual steps one at a time.” [Laughter] “That’s how little they were moving.”', '[Cheers and applause]', 'My friends are into running. And they say stuff like, “I’m addicted to running,” which I cannot wrap my head around. I am so addicted to stopping running. [Laughter] I can’t stop stopping running. The whole time I’m running, all I’m thinking is, “When does the addiction kick in?” [Laughter] Most things that are addictive take action quick, but this running seems to be a bit of an outlier — can we agree? [Laughter] I mean, you see people run who are meant to run. They look graceful and efficient. The whole time I’m running, there’s this thought going over and over in my head, which is, “I’ve never seen me run, but I don’t think this looks right.” [Laughter and applause] “One leg is doing far more work than it should. I might be skipping right now. I’m not certain.” [Laughter]', 'So… [Laughter continues] Little things are happening. I fell down. I used to trip. [Light laughter] Do you understand? [Laughter] Here’s how life goes. Tripping — young. Falling — old. [Laughter] I fell down. It was significant. I’m calling it an adult fall. And I say that because I remember as a child adults talking to other adults about falling in very hushed, serious tones. Do you remember those conversations? “Ryan, Grandma fell.” [Light laughter] “Did you tell her to get up?” [Laughter] “I fell six times. It’s not even noon. What do you want from me?” [Laughter] But I understand now. I have a little empathy. I had my own adult fall. I fell on the streets of New York City. People were around. I mean, there was no denying it. Everyone asked, “Are you okay?” Yes, but let me make this point — not everyone meant it. That’s true. [Laughter] Two 25-year-old girls on the street go, “[Chuckles] Are you okay?” [Laughter] I mean, there was… [Laughter] [Laughter and applause] [Chuckles] [Applause continues] …zero empathy in their reaction. The words came out of their mouths. What they actually communicated was, “I wish my camera was on for that. That was spectacular.” [Laughter] “Are you okay?” Has anyone ever answered, “No,” to, “Are you okay?” in the history of falling down? My body was screaming I was not okay, and I still said, “I’m fine.” [Laughter] “I want to die alone right here. Put the orange cones around me and leave me alone.” [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] “Are you okay?” What am I supposed to say to two 25-year-old girls on the street? “No, can you two petite children take me to the hospital”? [Laughter] “What are you gonna do? Go get a grown-up, quick.” [Laughter]', 'I was with a girl when I fell. [Audience ohhs] Let me just tell you the whole story. So, there we are. We’re at dinner. We’re enjoying each other’s company. Over time, I thought maybe we should date. So I brought it up. I said, “Maybe we should date.” She very kindly, as gingerly as humanly possible, said, “Maybe we should not date.” [Laughter] Now, it’s okay. I’m — I’m happy to have an honest conversation. but then we left the restaurant, and then I fell down. And… [Laughter] Now… [Laughter continues] My only wish for this whole scenario is that there could have been a little space between these two moments. [Laughter] That’s all. Just, does nobody have my back? Is there not one guardian angel petitioning for me, going, “Look, he threw a curve ball at dinner. Nobody saw that coming. Is there any way that we can push his adult fall by just a day?” And… [Laughter] …I can just hear God going, “You know, I would love to, but we’ve pushed this adult fall as far as we can possibly push it.” [Laughter and applause] “I’m very sorry. Everyone’s in place. There’s simply nothing I can do.” [Laughter] “Anyway, he’s gonna be fine. He looks young from up here.” [Laughter]', '[Cheers and applause]', 'I’m Ryan Hamilton. Thank you very much. Thank you.', 'What? Oh, my God. What a great set. Ryan Hamilton! That’s a nice standing ovation for you there, buddy. Well done. Ryan Hamilton.', 'For info on Ryan’s fall tour, visit ryanhamiltonlive.com.', 'Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.', '']['Hey, hey. All right. Thanks. Sorry. A little sluggish. Really did it up last night. I got to take it easy on the booze, you know. My cousin’s a doctor. He thinks we should get rid of alcohol. Said it kills 2 1/2 million people every year, which is sad, but, I mean, think of how many people it produces. Yeah. It’s got to be like 3-to-1, you know? If my parents didn’t drink, I might not be here. I’m definitely going to name my kids after the substance that got them conceived. “This is my daughter Tequila. This is my son Jager.” “What about the kid hugging your leg?” “Ha! That’s Molly.”', 'Yeah, went out with my friend. He’s gay. We get along really well. He’s gay, I’m broke. I feel like poor people and gay people have a lot in common, you know, right? Both born that way. Yeah. Yeah. Women just want to be our friends. And when you finally tell your parents they’re like, “Yeah, we knew.” Yeah. Yeah.', '[ Cheers and applause ]', 'Yeah, we were drinking that White Claw. You guys ever touched — Yeah, that stuff’s — It’s too much. I like White Claw because it sounds like the new Marvel hero — White Claw, you know? Sounds like Wolverine’s overprivileged nephew, you know? White Claw’s superpower would be showing up to a wedding in flip-flops and driving his dad’s boat while hitting a Juul.', 'Yeah. I’m doing better, though. I used to black out four or five nights a week. I’ve cut back. Now my phone is my main addiction. Everybody goes, “Hey, phone addiction — better than alcohol.” I don’t know. Same side effects. Both dangerous while driving, both what I go to when I’m nervous at a party, and both have helped us all sleep with very regrettable people. Right? The phone is just the new booze. Both are fun, but if you do it too long, it just becomes depressing. You know, you drink too much, you’re like, “I hate myself.” You look at your phone too long you’re like, “Ah, even Jeff found love? God!” Yeah.', '[Cheers and applause]', 'Yeah. It’s too much. Too much. Yeah. My biggest fear used to be the bar closing. That was, like, my biggest fear. Now my biggest fear is my phone dying, you know? Which is pretty good. 100 years ago, we had real problems. “My baby’s got the black lung. She might not make it through the night.” I’m like, “I’m at 2%. I might actually have to feel something.” Yeah. I’m hooked. Oh, geez. Yeah, I actually carry a battery pack on me now in case my phone dies. That’s insane. That’s like carrying a flask to fill up your empty flask. That’s where I’m at. And I don’t even know — can you quit a phone? You know, like, If somebody goes, “Hey, I gave up drinking,” I go, “Good for you.” If somebody goes, “Hey, I gave up my phone,” I’m like, “How did you get here?”', 'Yeah. The phone is ruining our lives. It’s bad. You know, I was walking down Third Avenue. I was next to a homeless guy. He was drunk. I was on my phone. We were doing the same stuff, you know? He’s yelling about the government. I’m tweeting at Trump, you know? He’s creepily staring at beautiful women. I’m scrolling through Instagram, you know? He’s flashing everybody. I’m sending a photo of mine. Yeah. I don’t know.', '[Cheers and applause]', 'Yeah, we don’t know how to connect anymore. You know, my friend just got dumped, so I took him out, tried to wing-man him, meet some ladies for him. Didn’t go too well. You know, he got upset. He’s like, “Screw this. Let’s go to a strip club.” I don’t get that logic. You know, to me, that’s like going fishing, not catching anything, and being like, “Screw this. Let’s go to the aquarium.” It’s the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. [Cheers and applause] Oh, yeah. The only difference is — no one leaves an aquarium going, “I tell you — I think that flounder was into me. That’s one hot piece of bass.” Yeah. Yeah. I don’t know. We’ll figure it out.', 'I got to figure something out. I’m 35. You know, I’m at the age where all my friends are getting divorced. And, yeah, it’s tough. I’m surprised people still want to get married. That shocks me, especially younger people. They’re so against traditional stuff, you know? But, yet, every lady I know is dying to get married, which blows my mind. Ladies, you’ve come so far, so much progress, but, yet, when it comes to marriage, you guys get very old-fashioned. “I want the ring and the dress and the party.” What? Grow up. Ladies, you’re killing it. Go frolic, be free. “But it’s my special day.” All right. Why do you have to ruin mine?', 'I don’t know. But that’s why you ladies are brilliant. You gals are geniuses, ladies, because you guys tend to be the ones who want to get married, yet, somehow, you’ve designed it to where the man asks you. That’s some Jedi-level mind trickery right there. Yes. Well-played. Right? Genius, ladies. Genius. You’re like Yoda. “I want to get married, but you’ll ask me.” Yes. You got it. “And you’ll get down on one knee.” No problem. “And you’ll buy me an expensive ring.” Will do. “And whose idea was this?” All Mine. Well-played, ladies. Well-played.', 'I don’t know. Am I nuts? Marriage just feels like the least-romantic thing on the planet. It’s legal. Ugh! Got to go to a courthouse, get a license. What’s the license for? That’s the only license we don’t check, by the way. Driver’s license, liquor license. People check a fishing license. I’m gonna start checking marriage license. Next time I see a short, broke, weird guy — he’s like, “That’s my hot wife over there” — I’m gonna be like, “Let me see some I.D.”', 'Thanks a lot. I’m Kevin Hart. Thank you. ♪♪', '[Cheers and applause]', '-Hey! Mark Normand.', 'Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.', '']['“It’s called the American dream because you have to be asleep to believe it”.', 'People are fucking nuts. This country is full of nitwits and assholes. Do you ever notice that? Oh, my goodness, yes. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. Nitwits, assholes, fuck ups, scumbags, jerk offs and dipshits. And they all vote. They all vote, yeah. In fact, sometimes you get the impression They’re the only ones who vote. You can usually tell who’s been doing the voting by looking at the fucking election returns. Man, it sure ain’t me out there wasting my time with a meaningless activity like that. You know those people on the “Jerry Springer Show”, those are the average Americans. Oh, yeah, believe me. Below average can’t get on the show. Can’t get on. Below average is sitting home watching that shit on TV, getting ready to out and vote, filling out their sample ballot. People are fucking dumb.', 'You can say what you want about this country, and I love this place. I love the freedoms we used to have. I love it. I love that. I love it when it didn’t take a fucking catastrophe to get us to care for one another. I love the fact that we’re on camera all the time from all angles. But, you know, you can say what you want about America. And I say I love this place. I wouldn’t have it any other way, wouldn’t live in any other time in history in any other place. But say what you want about America. Land of the free, home of the brave. We’ve got some dumb-ass motherfuckers floating around this country. Dumb-ass motherfuckers, you know. Now, obviously that doesn’t include this audience. I understand that. You seem intelligent and perceptive but the rest of them, holy jumping fucking shit balls. Dumber than a second coat of paint.', 'Now, this ain’t just ranting and raving. This ain’t just blowing off steam. I got a little evidence to support my claim. It just seems to me seems to me, that only a really low IQ population could have taken this beautiful continent, this magnificent American landscape that we inherited… Well, actually, we stole it from the Mexicans and the Indians but. Hey, it was nice when we stole it. It looked pretty good. It was pristine. Paradise. Have you seen it lately? Have you taken a good look at it lately? It’s fucking embarrassing.', 'Only a nation of unenlightened half-wits could have taken this beautiful place and turned it into what it is today, a shopping mall. A big, fucking shopping mall. You know that. That’s all you got. That’s all you got here, folks. Mile after mile of mall after mall. Many, many malls. Major malls and mini malls. They put the mini malls in between the major malls. And in between the mini malls they put the mini marts. And in between the mini marts. You’ve got the car lots, gas stations, muffler shops, Laundromats, cheap hotels, fast food joints, strip clubs and dirty bookstores. America the beautiful. One big transcontinental commercial cesspool.', 'And how do the people feel about all this? How do the people feel about living in a coast-to-coast shopping mall? Well, they think it’s JUST FUCKING DANDY! They think it is as cool as can be. Because Americans love the mall. They love the mall. That’s where they get to satisfy their two most prominent addictions at the same time. Shopping and eating. Millions of semiconscious Americans day after day shuffling through the malls shopping and eating. Especially eating. Americans love to eat. They are fatally attracted to the slow death of fast food. Hot dogs, corn dogs, triple bacon cheeseburgers, deep-fried butter dipped in pork fat and cheesewhiz, mayonnaise-soaked barbecue, mozzarella patty melts. America will eat anything. Anything. Anything. Shit,if you were selling sautéed raccoons assholes on a stick, Americans would buy them and eat them. Especially if you dipped them in butter and put a little salsa on them.', 'This country is big-time pig time. Forget the bald eagle. You know what the national emblem of this country ought to be? A big bowl of macaroni and cheese. A BIG BOWL. Because everything in this country is king size. King size, extra large and SUPER JUMBO. Especially the fucking people! Have you seen some of the people in this country? Have you taken a good look at some of these big, fat motherfuckers walking around? Big, fat motherfuckers. Oh, my God. Huge piles of redundant protoplasm lumbering through the malls like a fleet of interstate buses. The people in this country are immense. Massive bellies. Monstrous thighs and big, fat fucking asses. And if you stand there for a minute and you look at one of them, you’ll look at one of them and you begin to wonder, How does this woman take a shit? How does she shit? And even more frightening, How does she wipe her ass? Can she even locate her asshole? She must require assistance. Are paramedics trained in this field? And standing right next to her. Of course. With a plate full of nachos and a mouthful of pie is her clueless fucking husband Joe Six Pack. With his monstrous swollen beer belly hanging dangerously out over his belt buckle. This guy ain’t seen his dick since the Nixon administration. And if you stand there and you look at the two of them. You begin to wonder to yourself, Do these people fuck? Is this man actually capable of fucking this woman? It doesn’t seem structurally possible that these two people could achieve penetration. Maybe they’re in that “Cirque du Soleil” or something. I’m telling you the people in this country – every one of them – is 50 pounds overweight. They are GARGANTUAN.', 'And in the summertime – God help us – in the summertime they will all want to wear short pants. Jesus Lord, Protector of All That is Good and Holy, deliver us from fat people in short pants. They all got short pants, big bellies, fat thighs and dumb kids. Short pants, big bellies, fat thighs and dumb kids. Every one of them has got two dumbass kids with them. And the whole family is wearing T-shirts, and every one of them has got the same T-shirt… “I’m with stupid.” Apparently in this country, the Stupids are an extended family.', 'And besides wearing them T-shirts. Everyone in the family has got on a backpack. They got a backpack strapped to their back so they can carry around lots of stupid shit. And the reason they got to carry their stupid shit strapped to their backs is because their hands must remain free at all times to hold food. And to get that food up to the mouth where it gets shoveled in with all the rest of the disgusting shit they ate that day. And… Another reason for the backpacks is these people are going to buy even more stupid shit. They ain’t got enough stupid shit at home. They just had a stupid shit sale, they’re gonna buy more.', 'They’re going to go out in the parking lot and stuff this stuff into the big, fat, ugly, oversized SUV that’s got plenty of room in it. Plenty of room in it for stupid shit and lots of room left over for these big, fat, ugly motherfuckers to get them home. Stopping on the way, of course, for jelly roll and fried dough.', 'These people, these people are efficient, professional, compulsive consumers. It’s their civic duty. Consumption. It’s the new national pastime. Fuck baseball. It’s consumption. The only true lasting American value that’s left. Buying things. Buying things. People spending money they don’t have on things they don’t need. MONEY THEY DON’T HAVE ON THINGS THEY DON’T NEED. So they can max out their credit cards and spend the rest of their lives paying 18 percent interest on something that cost 12.50. And they didn’t like it when they got it home anyway! Not too bright, folks. Not too fucking bright.', 'But if you talk to one of them about this. If you isolate one of them, you sit them down rationally, and you talk to them about the low IQ’s and the dumb behavior and the bad decisions. Right away they start talking about education. That’s the big answer to everything. Education. They say “We need more money for education. We need more books. More teachers. More classrooms. More schools. We need more testing for the kids”. You say to them, “Well, you know, we’ve tried all of that and the kids still can’t pass the tests”. They say, “Don’t you worry about that. We’re going to lower the passing grades”. And that’s what they do in a lot of these schools now. They lower the passing grades so more kids can pass. More kids pass, the school looks good, everybody’s happy, the IQ of the country slips another two or three points and pretty soon all you’ll need to get into college is a fucking pencil. Got a pencil? Get the fuck in there, it’s physics. Then everyone wonders why 17 other countries graduate more scientists than we do. “EDUCAATION”. Politicians know that word. They USE it on you. Politicians have traditionally hidden behind three things, the flag, the Bible and children. “No child left behind. No child left behind.” Oh, really? Well, it wasn’t long ago you were talking about giving kids a head start. Head start. Left behind. Someone is losing fucking ground here.', 'But there’s a reason. There’s a reason. There’s a reason for this. There’s a reason that education sucks. And it’s the same reason that it will never ever. Ever be fixed. It’s never going to get any better. Don’t look for it. Be happy with what you got. BECAUSE THE OWNERS OF THIS COUNTRY DON’T WANT THAT. I’m talking about the real owners now. The real owners. The big, wealthy business interests that control things and make all the important decisions. Forget the politicians… they’re irrelevant. The politicians are put there to give you the idea that you have freedom of choice. YOU DON’T. YOU HAVE NO CHOICE. YOU HAVE OWNERS. THEY OWN YOU. THEY OWN *EVERYTHING*! They own all the important land. They own and control the corporations. They’ve long since bought and paid for the Senate, the Congress, the state houses, and city halls. They got the judges in their back pocket. And they own all the big media companies so they control just about all of the news and information you get to hear!', 'THEY’VE GOT YOU BY THE BALLS! They spend billions of dollars every year lobbying, lobbying to get what they want. Well, we know what they want. They want more for themselves and less for everybody else. But I’ll tell you what they don’t want. They don’t want a population of citizens capable of critical thinking. They don’t want well-informed. Well educated people capable of critical thinking. They’re not interested in that. That doesn’t help them. That’s against their interest. That’s right. They don’t want people who are smart enough to sit around the kitchen table and figure out how badly they’re getting fucked by a system that threw them overboard 30 fucking years ago. They don’t want that. You know what they want? They want OBEDIENT WORKERS. OBEDIENT WORKERS. People who are just smart enough to run the machines and do the paperwork and just dumb enough to passively accept all these increasingly shittier jobs with the lower pay, the longer hours, the reduced benefits. The end of overtime and the vanishing pension that disappears the minute you go to collect it.', 'And now, they’re coming for your SOCIAL SECURITY MONEY. They want your fucking retirement money. They want it back! So they can give it to their criminal friends on Wall Street! And you know something, they’ll get it… they’ll get it ALL from you sooner or later… because they own this fucking place! It’s a BIG CLUB…AND YOU AIN’T IN IT! You and I are not in the big club! By the way, it’s the same big club they use to beat you over the head with all day long when they tell you what to believe. All day long beating you over the head. And their media telling you what to believe, what to think and what to buy… The table is tilted. Folks. The game is rigged and nobody seems to notice. Nobody seems to care. Good. Honest. Hard- working people. White collar. Blue collar. It doesn’t matter what color shirt you have on.', 'Good, honest, hard-working people continue… these are people of modest means. Continue to elect these rich cocksuckers who don’t give a fuck about them. THEY DON’T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT YOU! THEY DON’T CARE ABOUT YOU. AT ALL. AT ALL. AT ALL! Yeah. You know. And nobody seems to notice. Nobody seems to care. That’s what the owners count on. The fact that Americans will probably remain willfully ignorant of the big red, white and blue dick that’s being jammed up their assholes every day. Because the owners of this country know the truth… It’s called the American dream. Because you have to be asleep to believe it.', 'Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.', '']['Aired on 6th September 2019', 'And finally new rule: at next Thursday’s debate one of the candidates has to say the problem with our health care system is Americans eat shit, and too much of it.', '[Applause]', 'All the candidates will talk about their health plans but no one will mention the key factor: the citizens don’t lift a finger to help and then the candidates will go back on the trail the next day and try to prove they’re just as big a gluttonous slob as the rest of us. Sometimes while discussing pre-existing conditions…', '[Applause]', 'But why do people have so many pre-existing conditions? Being fat isn’t a birth defect. Nobody comes out of the womb needing to buy two seats on the airplane.', 'Here it is in a nutshell from the New York Times: poor diet is the leading cause of mortality in the United States.', '[Applause]', 'Everyone knows, obesity is linked to terrible conditions like diabetes, heart disease and virginity… not to mention cancer. But that’s just the beginning of it. there is literally nothing being overweight does not make worse eyesight memory pain, fatigue, depression, you don’t poop right… it weakens your immune system. We scream at Congress to find a way to pay for our medical bills but it wouldn’t be nearly the issue it is if people just didn’t eat like assholes…', '[Applause]', '…who are killing not only themselves but the planet. The Amazon fires are because farmers there are burning down the rainforests to make room for a future hamburgers and soy beans because here in America we look at fried chicken and think “that’s a good start,” now put it on a bun and add bacon and cheese and something don’t even thought to put on it. Make my mouth come.', '[Applause]', 'What’s Elizabeth Warren’s plan for that?', 'Europe doesn’t look like this because Europe’s not always eating for two. We weren’t always like this. Watching the footage of the 50th anniversary of Apollo 11 I was struck by how not fat everyone in the crowd was. We look like a completely different race of people. Now look at us, we wear shirts that our ancestors could have used as a sail.', 'A hundred years ago this guy was fat enough to be the fat man in the circus. Now… he’s a guy.', '[Applause]', 'People know I’m speaking the truth, after all is not why your Tinder picture is three years old.', 'Can fat be beautiful that’s in the eye of the beholder but healthy no, that’s science.', '[Applause]', 'I know this is a controversial thing to say now in today’s America, but being fat is a bad thing. We shouldn’t taunt people about it and overeating shouldn’t be singled out as the only vice it’s not we all have something. But there’s no smoking acceptance or drunk acceptance. When I drank too much– yeah, sometimes someone would say to me “you know that’s not great for your health Bill maybe you should slow down a little, you went kind of hard last night.” And I would say “yeah I know I’m gonna start next week”—and then of course I wouldn’t—but I didn’t say “how dare you drink shame me!” being blotto is beautiful. Of course I didn’t say that, I was focusing on the road!', '[Applause]', 'When did it become taboo in this country to talk about getting healthy Weight Watchers had to literally take the words weight and Watchers I’m not kidding out of their name it’s now WW because merely the idea of watching your weight is now bullying. What’s next? Banning scales?', 'Hey liberals, you know how you hate it when conservatives won’t even let the CDC study gun violence as a public health issue? This is that, you’re the NRA of mayonnaise.', '[Applause]', 'We have gone to this weird place where fat is good. It’s pointing out that fat is unhealthy, that’s what’s bad. Fat-shame? No we fit-shame. Really, you hear it all the time, someone sees a merely trim person “you should eat something!” No, you should not eat something! I should be more unhealthy so you can feel better about your fat ass?', 'In August, fifty three Americans died from mass shootings. Terrible, right? You know how many died from obesity? Forty thousand!', 'Fat shaming doesn’t need to end, needs to make a comeback. Some amount of shame is good. We shamed people out of smoking and into wearing seatbelts. We shame them out of littering and most of them out of racism. Shame is the first step in reform it’s what goads people into saying maybe I can do better as opposed to I’m always perfect the way I am how dare you. We need to start aiming higher as a country this is a good place to start.', '[Applause]', 'We can all keep pretending that health care is an issue between you and the government but it’s really between you and the waitress.', 'It’s not just about being able to see a doctor, it’s also about being able to see your dick.', 'Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.', '']['[cheering and applause]', '[female announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Bill Burr!', 'All right, thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. How are you? Excellent. Thank you for coming out. Very prestigious… arena to listen to my dick and shit jokes over the next… [chuckles] …90 minutes. No, I’m excited to be here. I am. It’s very, uh… [audience whooping] …exciting to be doing stand-up outside of my own country. Yeah. No, not ’cause of you! [laughter] It’s how it’s become. Fucking US, everything’s so goddamn… Every fucking joke you tell, “Well, what did you mean about that? I didn’t go to the gym today. Are you calling me fat? I feel fucking triggered.” [laughter] Gotta fucking apologize to everybody.', 'This is how screwed up my country is right now. -You… You know Bryan Cranston, right? -[audience cheers] That dude did a movie. He played a quadriplegic… and people gave him shit… [laughter] …being like, “Why is there an able-bodied person playing a quadriplegic?” It’s like, “It’s because it’s called acting, you dumb fuck.” See, if he was a quadriplegic playing a quadriplegic, that’s not acting. That’s just fucking laying there, saying shit that someone else wrote. [laughter] “So tell us, what did you do to prepare for the role?” “Well, I dove head-first into the shallow end of a pool when I was 23. I feel like I’ve been preparing for this role for my whole life.” [laughter] “Right, what is up next for you?” “Oh, well, they’re gonna do a reboot of Top Gun. Uh, I’m gonna fly… [mumbling] And, uh, the copilot’s gonna be transgender. So everybody will be happy. She won’t die. Her discarded dick will block her head from the canopy. There’ll be a gender-neutral bathroom on the plane.” [laughter]', 'How fucking dumb is that? That’s literally like watching a movie, “Why didn’t you have a murderer play a murderer? And how come the guy he shot, I saw him in another movie?” I mean, what the fuck is going on? [laughter]', 'No, I don’t know what it is. I don’t know what it is. I don’t know what the fuck is going on… but I think white women started it. [laughter] [cheering and applause] Oh! It’s the worst. The fucking worst. That’s all they do, is bitch, moan, and complain. I had no idea how difficult it was to be a white woman in the United States of America. Evidently, it’s really difficult. [chuckles] [laughter] Yeah, they’re always bitching. “Do you have any idea what it’s like to be me?” “Well, I imagine it would be slightly less awesome than my life.” [laughter] [laughs] “What happened to you today, sweetheart, huh? Did they not chill your rose?” You know? “Was the trolley not running down at the mall? What happened?”', 'No, it’s unreal. I’m really fucking annoyed how white women have the fucking balls to throw my white privilege in my face. You know? Start to separate themselves from these “white males, with their white male privilege.” It’s like, “Bitch, you’re sitting in the Jacuzzi with me! The fuck are you talking about? Yeah! Quit your fucking whining.”', 'Look… here’s a little caveat here, so you don’t think I’m a complete asshole right out of the gate, all right? If you fucking… If you’re living some Honey Boo Boo lifestyle on the Appalachian Trail, you know, and your uncle just banged you in the dirt, all right, I can listen to you.', 'No, one of my fantasies is I wanna drive by, like, a woman’s rally and just say the most sexist shit I can think of… just to watch them lose their minds. You know, just drive by real slow and be like, “Yeah, why don’t you get back in the kitchen where you belong?” [chuckles] Just to look in the rearview mirror, watching them, “ah,” flipping out in the road. Spinning around like Leatherface at the end of Texas Chain Saw Massacre, like… “Ah! Ah! Ah!”', 'Yeah. No, it’s a very, uh… I don’t know, times are changing, I guess. I don’t know. Yeah. Michelle Obama‘s doing an arena tour. That’s another thing going on. I’m gonna say that again. Michelle Obama… [laughter] …is doing an arena tour. She’s not playing comedy clubs. She’s doing arenas. When did First Ladies start acting like they got elected? You know? Dude, being a First Lady, that’s not a fucking job. Just standing there, smiling and waving. Hey? Look how quiet it is in here. Why is it so fucking quiet? You think that’s a job? It’s not a fucking job! Dude, if you really think it’s a job, just look at him. Right? Look at Obama. When that guy got elected, he looked like he was about 41 years old. When he left office, that guy looked like he was about 73. Right? Look at Michelle. She looks younger now than she did when that dude got elected. What has she done for the last eight years… [cheering and applause] …yeah, other than lay in a giant vat of Illuminati-level lotion? Just sitting there, floating. A couple hours, a shape-shifter comes in and dumps another bucket on her. “Here’s some more… more of this.” She pops her head up: “Hey, Bam-Bam, tell Stevie Wonder to come down and play some songs tonight.” [gurgles] [laughter]', 'Yeah. I found out she’s doing a tour, ’cause she’s doing a book tour. Yeah, she wrote a book. She wrote a book about not having a job. [laughs] I gotta read that fucking book! “Chapter One, how to know if a dick tastes presidential. [laughter] How to weed your way… [whistles and applause] How to weed your way through all that local representative cock and get to the big swinging dick in the room.”', '[chuckles] I’ll tell you right now, say what you want about Republican Presidents, but they got their First Ladies in line. [laughter] They do! Dude, George W. was President for eight years. Eight years! I don’t even know his wife’s name! [laughter] What was it, Abigail or some shit? Maggie? No clue! Donald Trump’s wife stands behind him like a giant meerkat, like… [laughter] [chuckles] Bill Clinton was President, his wife never shut up. “Ah! I wanna do healthcare! Ah!” He fucked around on her so much. He was like, “All right, whatever, just do it.” [laughter] [chuckles]', 'But I’m telling you right now, I’m gonna check out that fucking tour. I gotta see what that’s all about. You know? Who opens? Who opens on that fucking tour? Was it Oprah Winfrey’s husband? You know? [laughter] Does he fucking come out and talk about what it’s like to walk her dogs? “I do it for 20 minutes a day. The cocker spaniel’s probably the most fussiest, and I gotta bring him around.”', 'Look, I’m sure that there’s some, uh, feminists in the crowd right now not appreciating this joke, feeling triggered, feeling like they need to fucking put out a hashtag or some shit. And be brave and speak out. You know what? You’re full of shit. [laughter] You are. [cheering and applause] All… All those feminists are full of shit. ‘Cause I’m gonna tell you right now, someday… someday, there’s gonna be, there’s gonna be the first woman President. All right? -Which means… -[cheering] You don’t even know what her fucking platform is, and you automatically cheer. [laughter] “Ooh, ooh, it’s got the same genitalia! Ooh!” Fucking… I’m telling you. They’re not smart people. Feminists, they’re not as smart as they’re coming off, I’m telling you.', 'Someday… there’s gonna be… This is going to be my last show ever by the time this fucking thing comes out. Someday, there’s gonna be the first female President, which means there’s gonna be the first male First Lady. Right? And you wait. You fucking wait! The first time that dude opens his mouth about some political shit, you watch all these feminists. They’re all gonna be, “You shut the fuck up! You shut the fuck up! It is her time now. It is her time. She was elected, not you! Go pick out some plates, bitch! You are the First Lady.” [chuckles]', 'He’s gonna get treated like Tom Arnold when he was with Roseanne. [laughter] Secret Service name will be, like, “Appendix” or “Doesn’t Matter.” “‘Not Worthy of Protecting’ just entered the Oval Office. ‘Not Worthy of Protecting’.”', 'So, anyways… There’s been, uh… The #MeToo movement has happened since the last time I was here. Yeah, no, it had to happen, Jesus Christ, but, you know, I think it’s dying down. You know? I don’t know, I think they got everybody. [laughter] Right? [chuckles] Just judging by the stories, I feel like they kind of got everybody. ‘Cause the first stories that came out, they were fucking unbelievable. It was just guys taking their dicks out at work, like, “Look at it! Look at it! Ah! Ah! Ah!” Fucking blocking doors and jizzing on plants. You’re fucking at home watching, “Jesus Christ, people did this shit?”', 'I remember this one poor woman said she was a PA, went into some director’s trailer, and he came… allegedly, came running out, masturbating vigorously while holding a shrimp cocktail. [laughter] [chuckles] I swear to God! I know that’s fucked up, but I gotta tell you something. It’s a little bit funny that she felt the need to use the adjective “vigorously” after she said he was masturbating. “He was masturbating vigorously.” I’m thinking in my head, “Like, as opposed to what?” [laughter] As far as I know, there is only one successful way to perform that act, and that would be vigorously. Is there another way to do it? Can you do it passively? You know? Is that how Sting does it? Is that how he’s able to fuck for hours and hours? Fans a little air on it. He puts on “Fields Of Gold.” Just lets that thing rise up. Just… Just letting it marinate, right? [chuckles]', 'Yeah, so the stories were big in the beginning. Like, “Oh, my God, what a bunch of fucking animals.” And then they just started tapering… tapering off. And about, I don’t know, six months in, they just sounded like bad dates. It was like, “He was… He was ten minutes late. The chicken was cold. I think I was raped. Career over!” [laughter] “What about my side of the story?” “Fuck your side of the story! You have a dick and balls. We don’t wanna hear it!”', 'Yeah. It’s really weird how the whole thing… It went from, like, nobody listening… men not listening to women at all, to just this total over-correction that anything they fucking said means it happens, you know? They got these hashtags like, you know, “Believe women.” “Believe women,” right? That’s a little open-ended, huh? Just straight across the fucking board, all of them? Every last fucking one of them? What about the psychos? What about the ones that key your car and light your shit on fire ’cause you didn’t fucking answer a text? What about them? Huh? How about you believe, like, 88%, and that last 12% that’s out of their fucking minds… You know, I think that’s a fair percentage, wouldn’t you? No? Are you too afraid? To not believe?', 'I know, that’s the world we’re fucking living in right now. No, everything has just become fucking absolutes. In… In… In the States, it’s fucking nuts. Like that Colin Kaepernick guy, right? You knew when he was, like, protesting during the national anthem, no one was gonna listen to what the fuck he had to say. No matter how much he explained it. He goes, “I’m taking a knee during the national anthem. This is a protest about police brutality, the way people of color are treated. We’d like to open a dialogue.” He got halfway through, then people were like, “My brother’s fighting in Iraq, you fucking piece of shit!” It’s just like, “Buddy, buddy… nobody is saying your brother isn’t in Iraq fighting. You’re not listening. This is about police brutality–” “My brother’s a firefighter. He watched 9/11 on television!” “No, no, no, buddy, nobody’s saying that your brother’s not a firefighter.” “I have a bone spur in my heel! I can still stand up during the fucking song!” “Buddy, nobody is saying you can’t see a fucking podiatrist. All right? You’re not listening.”', 'That’s what it became. It went from not listening to women to just “believe women”, right? And then people were just like, “Did you see that story? Did you read the story? You can’t make something like that up.” I literally wanna be like, “Well, did you see Star Wars?” [laughter] I mean, somebody made that up. They made, like, fucking 15 of them, you know? People can make shit up, right? “You’re part of the fucking problem! Get the fuck out…” You know? [chuckles]', '“No means no,” that’s another one. “No means no.” It’s like, no, it doesn’t. All right? [laughter] Look, “No!” means no. “No!” That means no, all right? [in flirty voice] But, “No, stop it, what are you doing? Oh, my God, you’re being so bad. Stop it! No!” Yeah, that’s not a fucking no! That means, “I wanna do it, but I’m afraid you’re gonna judge me, so I’m just gonna make it look like it was your idea so you don’t figure out that I’ve already performed this act with 40 other fucking people.” Right? [laughter]', "But then… then you go to court and you get a bad reading. Some guy’s reading it. [in serious voice] “Ah, Your Honor, she said, ‘No, stop it. What are you doing? You’re being so bad.'” [laughter] Yeah! And you’re just sitting there like, “She didn’t fucking say it like that! She didn’t say it like that!”", 'Yeah. So now everybody’s just, like, scared shitless. You know? ‘Cause I guess if women ran the world, there’d be no war. Evidently, there would be no due process either. So you’ve just gotta sit there, going, “Ah? Ah? Huh?” [laughs]', 'No, it’s fucking nuts. People are so scared now. You now have the male feminist. Like, where the fuck did that come from? Just out of nowhere, last couple years. “I’m a male feminist. I’ve always championed women–” No, you haven’t. You haven’t! This shit came out and you’re fucking scared. You did something. You grabbed some fucking titties. What the fuck did you do that you have to over-correct that fucking hard? What kind of a man who still has his balls is walking around saying that he’s a male feminist? “Oh, I’m a male feminist. I totally see the way you see the fucking world.” It’s… It’s impossible… as a man who was raised right… [laughs] [laughter and applause] …to be a feminist. You can’t do it. You’re a man. Look, you can agree with it, you can empathize, sympathy, you can do all of that shit, but you can’t be it any more than I can stand there and just be like, “I’m a Black Panther. Fight the power!” And then I walk out the door, a blue-eyed white dude, and I get to live that fucking life, right?', 'I don’t know. I don’t know, ladies. I don’t buy it. Maybe you do, I don’t. Anytime I hear a guy say, “I’m a male feminist,” I always just think, “That is the most pathetic, limp-dick way ever to try and get some pussy.” Right? Like, that’s literally… that is literally the fucking game you had when you were on a first date when you were 16, you were all nervous and your whole game plan was, “Just agree with her. Maybe she’ll touch it.” [laughter] [chuckles] “So, what are your favorite bands?” “I like whatever you like! Will you touch it now? Did I do it right? Uh…”', 'Yeah, it’s a weird time right now. I’m glad that I’m fucking married now. I don’t gotta fucking deal with any of that shit. You know? For younger guys, how do you deal with it? You know what was really fucked up in all of this, though? What about women who like it rough? Right? That doesn’t happen here in the jolly old England? Huh? [laughter] Not at all! Everybody gets all dead silent. Big fucking elephant in the fucking room. -Right? Yeah. -[man] Ask for consent! How the fuck do you… What’s that?', '-[man] Ask for consent!', '-“Ask for consent”? Doesn’t that take the mood… Well, Jesus, that kind of took it in a weird way. [laughter] [chuckles] Dude, whatever the fuck I was saying, however you heard it, that’s not what the fuck I’m saying. All right? [laughter] “You know, I’ve really listened to this Me Too movement. I think for the first time in my life, I’m gonna ask for consent! I’m really gonna do it this time. I’ve been feeling…”', 'This is why you can’t judge comedians. Do you understand? Do you understand what the fuck I was saying and how this fucking jackass just heard it? You know? The second… [cheering] Yeah! The second it comes out of my mouth, it’s not what I said anymore. Goes into your fucking ear hole and gets cut with your whole fucking childhood. “Oh, this is what he means! Da, da, da, da, da, da, da…” [laughter] Sir, if I could get along with my point, if you wouldn’t mind that. [laughter]', 'No, like, fucking women who like it rough, like, that’s gotta be so fucking weird. [chuckles] I remember when I was a single man a long time ago. A lot of hair ago, right? Still wasn’t a good look, but I was single. I was out there, taking some at bats. I remember that shit. You’d meet a woman, and when it started going down that road, like you knew you were gonna hook up, you’d try to get a jump on it, right? You’d try to figure out what they liked in the bedroom because you wanted to satisfy them. There’s nothing worse than if you don’t satisfy them, and you know they’re gonna tell all their friends, and then you gotta fucking move, and now there’s social media and you got a fucking nickname… It’s a nightmare. So, you just try to, you know… You try to do a little fucking intelligence. You’ll be there, hanging out, just being like, “Yeah, so, uh, what are you into? What do you, uh… What do you like to do?” Right? One night, I asked a woman that, she set her drink down, she looked me right in the eye, she’s like, “I like to get fucked.” [chuckles] And I knew what she meant! “All right, this is gonna be one of these. Okay, here we go. Just trying to… [laughter] We’re gonna have to go hard on this one.” Right? We had a great fucking time.', 'I don’t know how I would… Today, I would just be like, “All right, I know what you wanna do, but, like, you’re gonna have to do it. You understand? Like, I’m just gonna stand here, and then you just back into me however hard you want. You control how hard you’re backing into me. Then I’m gonna lay my hand on your shoulder. You can put your ponytail in it. I will slowly close my hand around it. And if at any point you want to yank your head like that, that’s on you. My other hand will be just to the right of your right ass cheek, and if you wanna do one of those, that’s fine. But I am not doing anything. I’m just gonna stand here like a giant fuck stick, and you just have at it, you just have at it.”', 'Yeah. You know what’s hilarious about sexual assault? [laughter] [chuckles] You know what’s hilarious about it? Is how women are acting like that is a uniquely female experience. You know what’s funny? I actually, to the letter of the fucking law, within the last two and a half years, got sexually assaulted in this business by a woman. Yeah! And this is my story! [laughter] [chuckles] I feel like I can live my truth and be brave tonight and share this with you. It’s a 100% true fucking story.', 'I was doing stand-up, I was doing a private gig. All right? Private gigs are the fucking worst. You do a public gig, anybody can show up. It broadens what you can talk about, right? You do a private gig, it’s like everybody grew up on the same fucking street, so all your jokes gotta go right down fucking mainstream or you’re bombing. So all you do is listen to the first comic to hear what’s working and what isn’t. You’re just listening as he’s up there struggling, going, “Okay, they like bread. Talk about bread. Get all the bread you can. Don’t make fun of the troops. Stay away from the troops!” Right? So that’s what we’re doing, right? And the host gets them going, then he brings up the first act. Okay, she goes on stage. She’s not really a comedian, more of a personality. She does her bullshit or whatever, and I’m standing there, looking at my jokes, figuring out what I’m doing. She wraps it up. He goes on stage. She goes to get off. I’m thinking, “Okay, I’m next.” I’m looking at my stuff, and she just walks right by me and just fucking… poof! Just flicked me right on the head of my dick and kept walking! [laughter] Like it was nothing. Just fucking… pow! And just kept… I couldn’t fucking believe it. I know what you’re thinking. “Oh, was this a friend of yours? Was she flirting with you? Was this a joke?” None of the above. You know what it was? I swear to God, it was like a bully vibe. Like she was trying to get in my head. “There you go, you little red dick. Poof! Follow that!” And she just kept walking. Dude, my first thought as I saw her walking away, I just wanted to punch her in the back of the head as hard as humanly possible. Like, literally make her leave her shoes. You know? [laughter] But the other side of my brain’s like, “No, dude, you can’t do that. You can’t do that. It’s a woman. And it’s just spitball. Well, fucking boot her in the ass! Boot her in the ass! Can’t hit her, dude. Can’t hit her. It’s a woman. Well, fucking tell somebody! Tell somebody!” And all I’m thinking is, like, “Dude, I’m a guy.” Can’t fucking tell anybody. Nobody gives a shit what happens to a guy. I’m gonna walk up to another man and be like, “Excuse me, sir, but she just flicked me in my pee-pee, and I didn’t like that one bit. No, sir! I didn’t like that at all. No, I didn’t!” All the guys are gonna be like, “Dude, if she did that to me, I would’ve taken my balls out, too. Fucking flick both of these. Fucking sports bar, up top, Super Bowl, hey!” Right? That’s all I would’ve got, right?', 'So now I’m standing there, I’m waiting to go on stage, the dude’s doing my intro, I’m trying to think about jokes about bread, and the tip of my dick is still stinging. This is the world I’m in. And right as he’s gonna bring me on, all of a sudden, she came out, ’cause she was going back out to her fucking car, and that’s when my brain started firing up again with some ideas. Started thinking shit that I had never thought before in my life. Going like, “Dude, there she is. There she is. Flick her in the box. [laughter] Do it, man. Equal rights. She did it to you, you do it back to her!” It started making sense. “Yeah, fuck that! Flick my dick, I’m gonna flick your clit! That’s right! I’ll fucking hit the man in the boat. Drop down, uppercut to the bush. Fuck this shit! Think I’m the kind of person you just can flick my dick and walk away like it ain’t shit?” Right? And it was making sense till right when she got there, finally, I just started thinking of all the sporting events I had watched, and I realized that the referee only sees the retaliation. He never sees the first aggression, and then you have to go to the… yellow card, whatever the fuck you people do over here, right? You go to the penalty box!', 'So I let her go, and I went out on stage. I did my shit. But here was the thing. For the next three fucking days, I’m driving round LA, and I’m just losing my fucking mind. You know? I’m fucking screaming at the windshield, saying all this shit that I wanted to say but didn’t say it in the moment. You know? It wasn’t because… This is the thing. It wasn’t because she touched me. You know what I mean? I don’t give a fuck about that, all right? You know, when I was a kid, I had a paper route and I was an altar boy. You know? [laughter] Yeah. You’re gonna have to do a little bit better… than flick my dick over my jeans and my underwear. It’s like, “Are we gonna do this or what? Like, what is happening here?” It’s the fact that she thought she could bully me. So after fucking three days of this shit, I had a splitting headache, and I started realizing, “Wait a minute. She’s winning this thing.” You know? “Here I am, still thinking about this shit. She’s probably gone on to flick 30 to 40 dicks since she’s been with me. All right, she doesn’t give a fuck about me.” So, you know what I did? I drove to my house, there was nobody home, I went upstairs, I closed the door, and I just sat down and I meditated on it, and I just forgave her. -I did. -[applause] I just pictured her as a little five-year-old girl crying because her alcoholic dad, you know, wouldn’t hug her or something. And she’s just standing there crying, like, “But, Daddy, I love you!” He’s like, “Get away from me! I never wanted children!” And then he walked through a screen door and he, like, face-planted into this above-ground pool. And he had a tool belt on, and it just sort of pulled him under. And she ran out, she grabbed his foot, and she was pulling and pulling, and his boot came off, and she sat down, and she just watched him slowly drown. [laughter] I don’t know what happened after that. I just felt, like, this weight lift off of my chest. [chuckles] So, there you go. All you tough guys over here in England, don’t be afraid to meditate, man. I’m telling you. You can let a lot of stuff go.', 'I don’t know.', '-[man] Whoo! [whistles]', '-Do you know… I’m all right with silence. You don’t have to feel like you have to do anything fucking extra. Just relax. If it’s funny, fucking laugh. If it isn’t, just fucking sit there, and I’ll know it’s time to move on. [laughter]', 'Uh… So, anyways, I’m a married man with a kid. Happily married man. Yes, I am. [cheering] I… Yeah, I love my wife to death. I love everything about being fucking married, but I’ll tell you this right now, we do fight a lot. We do argue all the time. If I’ve learned anything in five years of being married, it is we’re always working on me. You know? [chuckles] Evidently, my wife is this completed work under museum glass that is to be admired and studied, like, “Hmm, how did she do that?” And I’m like one of these… You know those buildings that just has scaffolding around it for, like, six straight years, and you’re like, “Are they ever gonna finish that thing? Is that some sort of insurance job? Jesus Christ, what a piece of shit! They should just tear it down and start over again.”', 'Yeah. I have a temper, so that’s the thing. That’s what kind of ruins things. Everything else I do is fine, but I have a fucking temper and it just ruins shit, and then my wife always says the same thing. She’s always just like, “I just don’t understand. Where did that come from? Where is that coming from? You just go from zero to 100 in two seconds.” It’s like, first of all, I idle at 75 miles an hour, all right? So don’t give me this zero to 100. I walked into this restaurant 75. I could hear that guy talking too loud on his cell phone from the fucking parking lot! [laughter] [chuckles]', 'Yeah. I fucking tried all of this shit… Whenever she says that to me, though, I swear to God. “I just don’t understand. Where is this coming from?” It actually hurts my feelings when she says that. You know? ‘Cause it makes me feel like she’s not listening to me. It’s like, “Honey, how many childhood stories do I have to tell you before you follow the breadcrumbs to the absolute lunatic that you married?” [laughter] Didn’t she ever take a psychology class? I’m not that complex!', 'Like, I’ll tell you guys a quick… I’ll tell you a quick childhood story. I’ll tell you one of the funnier ones. One time, when I was, like, six, my older brother was eight, we were in the back seat of my dad’s car, and we were, like, laughing and excited ’cause it was around Christmas. Right? And my dad just had this thing. He just didn’t like joy, you know? [laughter] So he’s sitting there driving, going like, “Jesus Christ, knock it off back there! Christ, you’re giggling like a couple of little schoolgirls! Christ, you don’t straighten up, I’m gonna buy you a doll for Christmas!” And then he did. [chuckles] I swear to God. He made us hold them up. My mother’s taking pictures in front of the Christmas tree. I’m just standing there, like, “Wah! Wah!” Afterwards, I ran upstairs to my top bunk. My dad knew he’d fucked up. To his credit, he came up, he tried to smooth it over. He’s like, “All right, come on back down. It’s over. Come on down and enjoy the holiday.” And I’m like, “No, I don’t want any gifts, I fucking hate you! Ah!” Right? He eventually coaxed me down, you know? He just… He softened up a little bit. “Look, you don’t get your fucking ass back downstairs, no one else can open their gifts. Now move it out! I said move it out!” I go back downstairs all shell-shocked. “Here’s another gift for you, Billy.” I’m like, “Is this a fucking dollhouse? When does it end?” Yeah. That was Christmas, and those were people that loved me. [laughter] “I just don’t understand. Where is this coming from? I just don’t understand.”', 'So, I gotta do it, though. I gotta work on the temper. I’m gonna do it. You know, I got the kid now, and I just don’t want… I don’t wanna pass it on to her, you know? I have, like, a demon in my family tree. Like, this fucking rage, it’s just… You know? Just keeps following us, and now I got it. I have it so bad, like, literally, my daughter, she’s a little over two years old, she’s yet to meet me yet. You know? Like, the real me. She’s seen glimpses of me. Like, “Hey, how are you?” [chuckles] She’s seen glimpses of the anger, but I’m able to smooth it over quickly. Like, “Whoa, Daddy almost snapped his phone in half!” [laughter] But I see it in her face. I can see the way she looks at me. She’s starting to put it together, like, “This dude’s a little fucked up, man. He’s a little fucked up.”', 'I cannot tell you how heartbreaking that is to see from a toddler… much less your own daughter. I’m like, “I gotta end this thing, man.” This rage, it has to end with me. I can’t have an angry kid just walking around, fucking kicking toys, “Fucking bullshit!” and just being, like, a lunatic. I want to be like that priest in The Exorcist when the devil got in him, and he just fucking leaps out the window and dies.', 'You know? So I have been fucking trying everything. You know? I tried, you know… I don’t know, I tried… meditating, wearing sweaters. I did that for a while. Like, if I dressed like a regular guy, I’d be one. I drew a smiley face on a Post-it and stuck it on my dashboard, like that was gonna help with my road rage. You know, driving down the street like, “You mother… Oh, yeah, I guess I’ve done that too! Thank you, smiley face.” [laughter]', 'I remember one night I actually considered taking a bath. ‘Cause I was gonna call my wife, I was on the road, and I was like, “I don’t want to have a fight with her. I need to relax. What the fuck can I do?” And I thought about it. Women take baths, right? They do. It’s a very feminine thing. They have a bad week. “I just wanna decompress,” and they just have a soak, and then they’re just fine. Next thing you know, they’re drinking wine, calling friends. “I’m so glad you’re in my life… and I feel I can get back out there again.” Right? So I’m literally alone, I start drawing a bath, and the water came all the way up. And at the end of the day, I couldn’t fucking do it! [chuckles] There’s just no way as a man to take a bath and not think about killing yourself. You know? There’s just something about slipping into that coffin-shaped thing. It’s like, “Am I gonna slit my wrists? Am I testifying against the Mob? What the fuck am I doing here?” I’m a man! I don’t take a bath, you take a shower. Hose it off, block out your feelings, keep walking till you drop of a heart attack. Literally, as you’re going down, “Are you okay?” “I’m fine! I’m fine!” [laughter]', 'Can’t take a bath. Sitting there playing with a rubber ducky, sticking my toe in the faucet. Right? Not allowed. Not allowed to be that happy, so… I don’t know what I’m gonna do. I think I’m gonna go back to therapy. Do that fucking bullshit again. Fast-forward through all these stories I’ve told a million times. I gotta do it, though. And I’m gonna do it for my kid and do it for my wife, and, selfishly, do it for me… because…', '-[woman] Whoo!', '-I’m gonna tell you why. You’re not gonna like the results, miss. [laughter] This is why I’m gonna do it. If I actually don’t have a temper, like, I just think to myself, “What could my wife complain…” Like, “What could my wife bitch at me about?” Right? I fucking crush everything. I do. I take out the trash, okay? The gate was squeaky the other day. I fucking made sure that was done, you know? I pick up after myself. I like to think I’m a good dad. I work my ass off. I make a great fucking living. Crush all of that. All she has on me is who I am as a person. [laughter] That’s it! [cheering and applause] Yeah, if I could just not be who I was when she met me… I think I’d have a shot, you know?', 'So, we figured out the number one thing we fight about is television, you know? I watch sports. She watches those Real Housewives. You know, it just doesn’t work out. You know, I… You guys have The Real Housewives out here? You do? Yeah. Yeah. It’s just… I imagine it’s just the most depressing fucking thing ever, isn’t it? Those women, they just look so fucking exhausted, you know what I mean? Just with the war paint and the circle tits, just trying to fucking tuck it in and fucking… Like an athlete at the end of their career, just trying to limp on to the field one more time. They’re not as fast as they used to be. It reminds you of your own mortality. It’s just like, “Ladies, just fucking sit down. Put on something flowing. I’ll put on a sport coat. We’ll be in bed by 8:30,” right? “We’re fucking old,” you know?', 'So, we realized that, uh, I don’t know, we always fight about the television, so I’m like, “What about documentaries? Why don’t we just tape something we both like?” We both love documentaries. They’re fun, right? You watch them. You learn something. You repeat it at a party. People think you read! [laughter] So I tape… You know, first one I tape is on Elvis Presley. Right? Now, I love Elvis. Okay? He fascinates me. He’s, like, the first rock star with the power of television. They just intersected, and he ascended to this level of fame that no one had ever been to before. Hence, he made all the mistakes ’cause there was no one there to help him out. Right? He got a piece-of-shit manager that stole from him. Bam! He stopped making music, started making shitty movies. He’s not a good actor, right? Does that. Married a minor, started doing drugs, got fat, got an entourage, got even fatter, started wearing onesies, doing karate kicks, splitting his fucking pants. Nobody’s saying shit. “You look good, King!” “You like that? You like when my royal balls hang out?” “We love it, King. Keep fucking going!” Starts doing pills, gets addicted, he fucking dies alone on a toilet. All right? This man kicked open all of those fucking doors for the rest of us. All right?', 'So I sit down, and I’m watching this documentary as a white dude. Which is what I am. I’m looking out my white head, watching this white shit, it’s coming back into my white eyes, getting whiter by the fucking second. All right? Now, my wife, on the other hand, she’s black, right? Now, I hate saying that, ’cause it makes it seem like I’m gonna start doing some stupid comparison jokes. You know, those dumb white guy, black guy jokes. It’s always like the white guy is like, “Oh, Jesus, I gotta do my taxes. Can this chair hold me?” The black guy is always like, “You need to loosen up, you gotta relax, man. You just gotta let it happen.” Right? [chuckles] It’s always the same stupid fucking joke. I hate those jokes, you know, ’cause they’re easy, and it’s been my experience that it’s just not true, you know? Fifteen years of being with her, there’s really no difference, you know? Because at the end of the day, it’s a woman. [laughter] All right? It’s gonna be the same fights. I don’t give a fuck who you’re with. I’m not gonna lie to you, there might be more head movement and hand gestures with different races of women… possibly an index finger jabbing at your forehead, whatever the fuck that is. But at the end of the day, it’s the same fights. “What’s going on with us? Do you need to work on this? Why don’t we communicate better?” Right?', 'So she starts watching this shit as a black person, right? And she’s seeing all the racism, obviously, that I’m seeing, but she was catching all this subtle shit that I was too white to see but I knew I was missing it ’cause I just kept hearing her huffing and puffing. Just sitting next to me, being like… [huffing] And I’m just sitting there like, “Okay, somebody did something! [laughter] I don’t know what just happened, but I don’t think that was good!”', 'So right when I didn’t think it could get any worse, it couldn’t get any more uncomfortable between the two of us, this fucking white dude comes on who, evidently, discovered Elvis. And he’s, like, a hundred and fucking 90 years old. And he comes out, starts talking. He’s just like, “Well, basically, I was looking for a white boy that could take the down-and-dirty, nasty blues and combine it with the pristine, angelic sounds of bluegrass.” Yeah, that’s what he was doing. He was subtly putting black shit down here while he was propping up the white shit. You know? “The down-and-dirty, daddy-not-sticking-around, drug-infested neighborhood blues, with the Jesus-as-white-as-me, hair-the-color-of-the-sun, angelic, bluegrass-playing music,” right?', "So, at this point, my wife has, like, fucking steam coming out of her ears, so I make a judgment call. I just fucking shut it off. Right? And she looks at me. She’s like, “Why did you shut that off? Why did you shut it off?” I was like, “Because you’re about three minutes away from yelling at me like I produced this music. [laughter] All right? Let’s just forget it. We’ll watch something else.” She’s like, “No, why can’t we just watch the rest of this and then discuss it afterwards?” It’s like, “I don’t want to fucking do that. I just wanna watch a documentary! I don’t want to have a fucking lecture… because of these fucking assholes. I didn’t do anything! I’m just sitting here watching TV! Not to mention, we’re just gonna get into an argument.” She’s like, “Why would we get into an argument?” I’m like, “Ugh. All right, you know what? Because not for nothing, there was some black people in there saying some shit that I didn’t agree with. I’m not huffing and puffing.” Yeah… I said that. [laughter] Like a fucking idiot! And she just looks at me. She’s like, “Like what black people? Like what black people that said what?” And at that point, it’s like you started the luge, right? You can’t get off the fucking sled. Now you gotta have the argument. Like, “Oh, fuck, here we go, guess we’re having this.” And I’m like, “All right. All right, the black guy brought up leg shaking, saying, ‘Elvis took leg shaking from us.’ It’s like, really? Leg shaking? Nobody thought to fucking do this? Black people came up with that? You’re telling me that? I’ll even give you that! Let’s say you came up with that, but where did that black dude learn how to do it? Didn’t he watch some older black guy do it? But what? ‘Cause he’s the same color, he’s not stealing. He’s just carrying on the tradition. But if Elvis does it, ‘Oh, what the fuck?’ Now he’s the biggest thief ever? That doesn’t make any sense to me.” She goes, “No, you idiot, it’s not about the leg shaking, okay? He appropriated a culture. He took all the music, he got all the money, got all the fame, he’s called the King of it now, and he never gave a shit, not even a shout-out.” And I was like, “All right. [laughter] Fair enough. Made about seven or eight good points there that I can’t refute. [laughter] He appropriated a culture. I get it. You’re right.” She goes, “Fine, thank you.” And I go, “However… [laughter] Not for nothing, do I get mad at you when you get on a skateboard and you start going down the fucking street? Do I get all offended, like, ‘Hey, man, that’s some white shit! Stop appropriating my culture, man. Some dirty white kid in Santa Monica came up with that, man.'”", 'So she starts laughing, and I should’ve stopped there, but I’m a comedian, right? I’m like, “Ooh, I’m getting a laugh. There’s gotta be a bigger laugh, so keep going, Bill. Let’s come with another example.” So I’m like, “Yeah, do I get mad at you when you fly from LA to New York in under six hours?” And she just, yeah… [chuckles] Yeah. And she just stares at me. She’s just like, “That was fucked up.” [laughter] I was like, “Yeah. Yeah, I know. It sounded good in my fucking head and then it came out. I just… I was just going for the laugh.” And then she wouldn’t let up. She’s like, “Why is it fucked up? Why is it fucked up?” So now I’m back in the classroom, and I’m like, “Because… if, historically speaking, black people enjoyed the same amount of freedom and privilege, they would have had the money and the time to figure out how to fly, too.” And she goes, “That’s right.” And I go, “However… [laughter] …your music would’ve suffered.” [laughter and applause] Yeah! “You can’t have my level of freedom and privilege walking around with that cul-de-sac, ‘It really is gonna be okay!’ and come up with that painful, beautiful music. You can’t do that. Next thing you know, you’re clapping on the fucking downbeat, you’re playing a washboard, right? James Brown is line dancing. All goes out the window, so you gotta make a choice! Either you learn how to fly and your music sucks…” [laughter] [chuckles]', 'Oh, I just noticed this thing came off. We can’t have this. There’s gotta be continuity between the fucking shows here. Oh, Jesus Christ! This thing never comes off. It’s right when you tape a fucking special, then everything just falls apart. Royal Albert Hall, huh? Where did you buy this mic stand, huh? Where the fuck did you get this? [cheering and applause] You know the mic stand guy’s all fucking pissed off. “Right, that’s a jolly good fucking mic stand. Fucking Yank! Fucking Yank… Everything fucking falls off on him. [laughter] How dare you! The Queen comes down here and sits in a box and watches the show!”', 'You know what I heard about you guys? [laughter] Actually, by the way, I’ve been over here for a week, and as an American, I gotta say something. You guys are pretty fat, too. [laughter] [chuckles] [cheering and applause] Yeah. Specifically the men. I don’t know what’s going on with the men, but I don’t give a fuck how fat you get, you’re gonna pour yourself into your skinny jeans. They still got them. It’s like you’re squeezing all the fat to the top like toothpaste. “Right, still wearing me same jeans from primary school!” [laughter] [chuckles]', 'Um… I don’t know, but anyways… You know what I’m afraid of? Robots. Yeah. I saw one get interviewed on 60 Minutes. The top journalistic program in the United States. And he’s just sitting there getting interviewed, not nervous at all, just rattling off all the fucking answers. You know? Not smoking, not fucking, you know, leaking oil, whatever you would do as a nervous robot, right? And the reporter’s asking him questions, and in the end, he goes, “So, tell us…” He’s like, uh… He’s like, “What are your goals?” And I am alone in a hotel room, and I literally lean towards the TV. I’m like, “Do these fucking things have goals?” [laughter] And the fucking robot just answers. He just goes… uh… He goes, “What are your goals?” And the robot goes, “To become smarter than human beings.” Yeah! And the reporter just blows by it. He’s like, “Okay, and what’s your favorite color?” [laughter] Meanwhile, I’m standing on my bed, yelling at the TV, like, “Dude, unplug that fucking thing! Take the batteries out! Pull the wire… Pull the wires out! Do something! How many sci-fi movies do you have to see before you realize where this is going?”', 'So, anyways, every smart person, every super-smart person in the world is saying these fucking things are gonna kill us. Even your boy here, he recently died. What was his name? -He was always sitting down.', '-[man] Hawking!', '[laughter] Hawking, Stephen Hawking, yeah! Too good to fucking stand up and make his point, just sitting down, all fucking smarmy. [chuckles] “Oh, I care so much, I poured ice on myself! Um… And I showed off my abs at the same time for the Gram!”', 'No, I’m just fucking with you. I am so glad that guy’s fucking dead, though. You know? [laughter] Look at you guys. How much longer did you want him to suffer? You don’t believe in an afterlife? Maybe he’s up there now, his fucking legs work, he’s getting an angelic blow job. How much longer did you want him to fucking sit there so you could feel better about yourself? “Well, at least I’m not all fucking twisted up, saying smart shit,” right? I couldn’t fucking stand that guy. He was so fucking negative! He never had anything positive to say. “Hey, Steve, what have you got for us today?” “In 2035, there will be no more apples.” “Thank you, Steve! Thanks a lot. Wasn’t thinking about that, now I am. Hey, so what’s the solution?” “It’s too late. We needed to try 40 years ago.” “Thanks a lot, buddy. I’m gonna go cry with my child now.” Dude, I could hang out with that guy for about three minutes before I took the brake off his chair and just zoomed him into the other room. [laughter] “Hey, Steve, come back here when you got something dumb and positive to say.”', 'Yeah. Well, listen, I agreed with all of these super-smart people thinking that these fucking robots were gonna kill us. Right? I agreed with all of that shit until, a couple of years ago, I was in New York, and I was looking through a newspaper, right? And I have a whole new fucking theory. But in order for me to tell you my theory, I have to quickly take you back to the deep, dark, sordid history of the blow-up doll. All right? I know there’s a lot of millennials here, young people. You probably don’t even know what one of these is, all right? With your fucking… I don’t know what you guys do, your virtual reality glasses, you know, fucking free porn flying by. You’re grabbing titties, whatever. Whatever it is you do. Right? [laughter] Back in the day, this was the deal. If you were a person and you wanted to have sex with somebody else, but, like, nobody else wanted to have sex with you… and, you know, you weren’t strong enough to hold anybody down, I mean… [laughter] You had to go… You had to… That’s how it was! You had to go out, and you had to get a blow-up doll. And you had to fucking go out and get it. You had to fucking go out and get it. All right? You couldn’t just order it off of an Amazon and some delivery guy shows up. He doesn’t know what’s in the box. You’re standing there like Tom Hanks, “Hey, how you doing? Great to see you!” [chuckles] “I’m gonna fuck that, and you have no idea what it is!” [laughter] No. Dude, you had to go down, and you had to fucking get this thing. You had to find a porno store. You had to work it out that it was far enough away from your house that no one’s gonna recognize your car. You drive down at, like, 11 in the morning. Who the fuck is gonna be there then, right? You park in the back on, like, a Tuesday, just sitting there in the car, psyching yourself up. [exhaling] “Okay, I’m not hurting anybody. It’s just an urge. Just get in there, okay? Hand him the money, just get in there and get it done!” You yank your hat down. You fucking walk in with all your courage. Then you get in there, there’d be too many other perverts in there, and you get all psyched out. So what you do is you just grab a bunch of videotapes, and you walked up to the counter. And you had to make it look like it was an impulse buy, right? And you’re walking up, and everything, all the creepy shit, was behind the counter, right? Just fucking heads and feet, just an ass, body parts. Serial killer buffet. “What fucking world am I entering? Oh, my God, somebody’s fucking a neck? Jesus Christ!” Right? And you set it down. Just make it look real subtle. “Okay, buddy, is that gonna be all?” “Uh, yeah, no, maybe that thing down the end with the surprised look on its face. Maybe I’d like to take a shot at that. I don’t know.”', 'The guy wraps it up, you finally get it. You give him the money. You fucking run out to the car. You have this whole weird emotion. You’re, like, excited and you hate yourself. “Thank God, I finally did it! What the fuck is wrong with me?” And just drive off. You go back to your little shitty fucking apartment, and you had to blow it up quietly so none of your neighbors heard. Just like… [blowing] Then you got excited, started going a little faster. And just watching this thing slowly coming to life, just like… [laughter] [applause] Right? And then you’d wrap those rubber legs around you. [screams] And God forbid you got caught. Your roommate comes walking in, “He’s fucking a blow-up doll!” Dude, your life was over! You had, like, six minutes to get your mom on the phone. “Mom, I love you, and you’re never gonna see me again! Don’t believe what people said about me! I’m so sorry! I’m going to Alaska! Oh, God, God!” Click. That was it. You moved to Alaska. No one ever saw you again. And that’s why, to this day, if you go to Alaska, there’s, like, eight men for every two women. Yeah, ’cause that state is littered with men who got caught fucking shit they shouldn’t have been fucking. [laughter]', 'So, now, fast-forward to about 2016, I’m in New York City, right? And I’m looking through the newspaper, whatever, and I come across an article, and it’s on this robot that, for $10,000, you buy this thing, you can have sex with it. Right? Now, notice, five minutes ago, I brought up a blow-up doll. Didn’t even have a joke, just said “blow-up doll” and you all laughed. Ha ha ha ha. A blow-up doll. “Who would do such a stupid thing?” Right? “That’s weird.” Five minutes later, I say, “A robot that you can have sex with,” dead silence in here. [laughter] As if, collectively, you were all just like, “Well… [laughter] What does it look like?” I’m not gonna lie to you. It still looks like a dead body, but it looks way fucking better… than that blow-up doll from 30 years ago.', 'And that’s what scares me. Because everything gets better. Right? You look at when cars first came out, the stupid horn… Ah-oo-ga. You had to crank-start it, you’d run over your best friend. Now you can start one up with a remote control from, like, 50 yards away. Right? Remember when airbags first came out? They just had one for the driver. [squeals] Ah! “My family! [laughter] [sobs] Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Why would you just save me?” [laughter] And then, eventually, they got airbags for everybody.', 'Well, these robot sex dolls are gonna be no different. Okay? They’re just gonna keep getting better and better and better, and these fucking nerds are not gonna be making any regular-looking robot dolls, right? You know, some girl next door, you know, just some plain Jane, the chick your mom likes, being like, “Well, there’s a nice girl you could settle down with. She knows how to cook.” Fuck that. They’re gonna make Victoria’s Secret supermodels, just absolute, like, Paris runway-looking supermodels, and you’re gonna come home to one of these things and it’s gonna laugh at all your jokes. [robotic laughing] It’s gonna sit down and watch the game with you, like, “It doesn’t get any better than this. Yes, it does!” Ah! Ah! Ah! And it’s gonna get up and make you a fucking, I don’t know, Bundt cake or a meat pie, whatever the fuck you people eat, right? [laughter] There’s not gonna be a human woman in here that’s gonna be able to compete with that… for longer than 90 minutes, even on your birthday! By the third trip to the fridge, she’ll be like, “Fucking get it yourself! What am I, your slave? Go fuck yourself!” And after you’ve been with one of these robots, like, sex dolls, you’re not gonna be able to go back to a real woman. Right, with all her hopes and dreams… and her needs. You’re gonna be coming home. She’s like, “What is going on with you? We’re not connecting. We need a date night.” All you’ll be thinking is, like, “How do I shut this fucking thing off? What, is it on nagging mode? Why isn’t it blowing me right now? I clearly entered the room. I entered the room. It’s supposed to drop to its knees and blow me. I don’t understand.” Yeah, like, your ego is gonna be at, like, a dictator level. Like, “Me and my man tits have arrived! Service me! Say that I am your lord!”', 'Yeah, that’s it. You’re not gonna be able to go back to a real woman, and then nobody’s gonna be fucking women, so they’re gonna get lonely, so they’ll have to create a doll for you guys, right? A giant fucking… I don’t know what you guys are into. I don’t pretend to know. Like, some giant Brad Pitt-looking fucking robot doll, fucking eight-pack abs, a robot dick down to the floor. You know? Holds both your hands when you tell a story. All right? [laughter and applause] Whatever you’re into! Opens a bottle of wine at 12 noon. “It’s got to be five o’clock somewhere.” [robotic laughing]', 'Yeah. I think they’re gonna fuck us into extinction. ‘Cause at that point, the only people left having sex with other human beings are gonna be hipsters and the homeless. Right? Because hipsters, they love all the old shit, right? Cassette tapes, Frisbees, dressing like a cobbler… Whatever the fuck it is they’re doing, right? But even a homeless guy, you know, after, like, I don’t know, a couple of years, he’ll be able to drag some old, one-legged, fucked-out robot model out of the trash, drag it back to its lair. That thing will still be building him up, you know, just laying there, like, “I don’t think you smell that bad.” [robotic laughing] “This is my favorite bridge.” [robotic laughing]', 'Yeah. And we’re all gonna fucking die off, and what’s gonna be left to fight these robots off is gonna be an entire generation of hipster spawn. Yeah! And they’re gonna go to war ironically. [laughter] Yeah. Dressing… Dressed like… I don’t know, fucking growing Civil War beards, dressing like Star Wars action figures, and they are gonna get fucking slaughtered! And right when they get down to the last 30, there’s gonna be a liberal robot going like, “We should save a few for posterity.” Right? And they’re just gonna stick them in a zoo… and be this little hodgepodge of what was left. You know, black, white, Latin, Asian, gay, straight, trans, whatever. Whatever the fuck, right? And they’re still gonna be arguing with each other. The robots will just be standing outside, going, “I love it when they cross their legs.” [laughs robotically] [laughs]', 'Yeah. And this is the fucking world that I brought my daughter into. Like, I actually… am legitimately scared about them. I don’t know. I gotta tell you, though, becoming a dad was the greatest… is the greatest fucking thing that ever happened to me. It really is. I don’t have any jokes about my kid. -No, it is.', '-[cheering and applause]', "And you’re applauding my wife. She did all the work. Yeah. Yeah, knocking a woman up, that’s easy. You just have fun. You… Unprotected sex, bam, you knock them up, and then they have to deal with it. You know? No matter how much they try to drag you into it, it really is, it’s their show. You know? I always say my wife… When my wife was pregnant, I’d say, “My wife, you know, she’s pregnant.” Then I have these people like, “Excuse me, you’re supposed to say, ‘We’re pregnant.’ You’re supposed to say, ‘We’re pregnant.'” It’s like, “Well, I’m not a seahorse, so I’m not fucking pregnant.” My wife is pregnant. She’s putting on weight, her feet are swelling up. You know, she’s miserable. Fucking miserable. I’m still doing pull-ups. I’m crushing it while being pregnant. I’m still drinking, smoking, yeah. [chuckles]", 'No, the only thing that sucked was I had to get rid of my dog. Yeah. Had to find her a new home. Well, I finally had to admit that she was fucking crazy. I got a crazy rescue dog and, uh, yeah, it was one of these fucking dogs, man. It tried to kill both of my parents. It tried to kill my father-in-law. It bit one of my friends. I’d have family come over, friends or whatever, we’d have to stick it in the back room, like, lock the door. For the first hour, it’d just be throwing itself up against the door. “I’ll fucking kill all you motherfuckers! I’ll kill all you motherfuckers!” Looking under the door, “I can see your feet! I know what you smell like! I’ll follow you home. I’ll find you. I’ll fucking kill all of you!” And we were just in total denial, like, “No, she’s just a little, you know, a little scared… ’cause she was abused.” And we got, like, a trainer and all of that shit, and he finally said, “Listen, man, this is one of these dogs nature said no to, but people said yes to.” So I’m like, “Jesus Christ, you could’ve told me that 10,000 fucking dollars ago!” You know? So now my wife, she’s five months pregnant, she’s six months, seven, eight months pregnant. It’s just the fucking… this thing just hanging over my head, and finally I said to my wife, “We gotta do something about this.” I’m not gonna be this guy in the news, being like, “Well, you know, uh, the dog loved me and my wife, so I figured it’d be all right to let it sleep near the bassinet. And, well, you can imagine my surprise the next morning…” Yeah. I wasn’t gonna be that guy in the news whose dog ate his baby. Right? I gotta get rid of this thing. So we called my trainer, and he goes, “All right, I’ll take it.” Okay, thank God they’re not gonna put the dog down or anything like that, so I’m like, “Thank God.” So he goes, “I’ll come back in a week.” And it was very sad because we both loved this dog, like, with all our hearts, right? And what amazed me, though, was over that week, the way my wife handled grief versus me. It was so mature. She just, like, took it on. I just went into denial. I was just like, “Well, I’m not giving it away tomorrow, so I’m not gonna think about it.” And I just called the dog up on the bed, started petting her and lashing out at people for no fucking reason. Right? My wife just went into the bathroom that night. She was brushing her teeth. I could just hear her quietly crying. [weeping] I swear to God, I was on the bed, and I literally… I got mad at her. I didn’t yell at her. Just… I had it just internal, you know? And I was just thinking, like, “Why is she having the proper emotion in this fucking moment? Why isn’t she just blocking it out the fucking way I am?” Right? “Just don’t deal with it till you fucking give it away, and then just start yelling at people. The way I do.” Right? That’s what we did. I blocked it out, and every night, she would cry a bit more. The whole week… [weeping] Till the night before, she’s like… [sobs loudly] Right? And what I didn’t realize was she had cried herself into acceptance. And meanwhile, my emotions were still at the starting line. And there’s a knock at the door, and she goes, “Okay, he’s here. Go get the dog.” And I’m like, “Hey, Cleo!” And she popped her head up, and I saw her wagging her fucking tail, and all of a sudden, eight years of conditional love all started bubbling up, and I was like, “Oh, fuck, not now! Not now!” So I just pushed it down. [grunts] I just walked at her like some weird game show host. “Hey, how are you? I’m smiling for no reason, all right? Now we’re going for a walk. I’m just gonna say what we’re doing so I don’t think about what I’m feeling.” And I just walked out, handed the leash to the new owner, pet her on the head, didn’t even look her in the eye, ’cause I knew I couldn’t, and just turned around and walked away from something that I had loved more than I had loved anything in my life up to that point. Don’t tell my wife. All right? [laughter]', 'Then I come back into the house. She’s just looking at me. She knows I’m out of my fucking mind. She’s like, “Are you okay? Everything all right? Wanna talk about it? We could go get something to eat?” I’m like, “No, I’m fine. Sometimes, you have to be up here and think logical, and not be in your heart. I’m just gonna go into the bathroom for a second.” And I went in, and I closed the door, and for 0.8 seconds, cried like a little boy, before I put the lid back on the jar. Fastened it back and just added it to the shelf of anger that sits in every man’s chest. Yeah. [cheering and applause] And I couldn’t help but wonder in that moment who that I love in my life is gonna pay for that in the future. [laughter] Like, where am I gonna be? Family reunion, Bed Bath & Beyond… “How many fucking towels do we need? Jesus Christ, it’s a fucking sickness with you!” “Where is this coming from? I just don’t understand where this is coming from.”', 'Listen, you guys are so awesome. Thank you so much for coming out. I had a great time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [cheering and applause] Seriously, thank you, guys, so much. It’s been the best two days of my life. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good night! [cheering continues]', '[…] From Bill Burr: Paper Tiger (2019) […]', 'Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.', '']